work with.
John Leeker: Animals can other things get trapped in it.
Eric Rosenbaum: These are all great empirical questions.
John Leeker: Because also I can turn into animals, so we could see it through other eyes, if it only affects humans or humanoids or.
John Leeker: or depending.
John Leeker: Only one way to find out so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're gonna have to run some experiments right.
John Leeker: So did we take any of the trap people there was the terrifying chair, did we take the person chair and.
Eric Rosenbaum: I believe we.
Mike Sackton: extracted yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: All of the.
Timothy Sackton: Now you failed.
Eric Rosenbaum: We didn't get them out of their trap.
John Leeker: We.
Totally their.
Mike Sackton: Their furniture their their their.
Mike Sackton: Their would inform.
Timothy Sackton: That this is this is, in my little session recap interest.
John Leeker: Oh let's.
Timothy Sackton: let's start there.
So.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: As the fun things towards the horizon in the deserts of Eastern Dunbar.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: hiding in a small Canyon south of the ruin village of bass.
Timothy Sackton: begin to set your camp.
Timothy Sackton: it's been a long day of strange magic and as the evening comes on with it the relative safety of Camp you finally have a chance to assessed by heaps of magic and treasure that you've dragged from my God as hot.
Timothy Sackton: As seeker is poking over the magic and figuring out what many of the smaller items do.
Timothy Sackton: See the notes, I sent you.
Timothy Sackton: Around the camp.
Timothy Sackton: The prisoners you freed are stirring huddled in a ball moaning as the sips water from a water skin as an older done Marty man once a table in soil close tattered with age.
Timothy Sackton: A few moments ago, he was trapped by a goddess of magic, but now freed by secret spell he seems.
Timothy Sackton: disoriented and scared and hasn't.
Timothy Sackton: spoken a word yet.
Timothy Sackton: But is.
Timothy Sackton: Fully human and alive.
Timothy Sackton: nearby a gotchas wooden chair office suspected to be trapped on Mari rests so far defeating seekers attempts to break the enchantment.
Timothy Sackton: Only one would involve remains a younger than married woman, so this indeed is a trap person that must be her.
Timothy Sackton: resting by the fire away from the donmar is the fried puppet of a goddess once a once a wouldn't scare scare crow with humanized are happening is the half land Garrett TV.
Timothy Sackton: Is an elderly man still somewhat disbelieving the power of your magic and the fact that he is free but sitting with a cool drink and anticipating a fresh me all life seems to be coming back to his eyes a little bit in color to his face.
Timothy Sackton: However, he still stays far from the piles of treasure and magic you took from my goddess last, especially the mirror seeming where you have anything that says with her.
Timothy Sackton: most prominent among the pile of treasures scattered on the desert Kenyan floor is a four foot tall heavy mirror this mirror weighs about 50 pounds of Polish self are now tightly wrapped in a cloak.
Timothy Sackton: This beer a mirror of soul trapping that can imprison any who see their reflection in a featureless extra dimensional sell.
Timothy Sackton: Cars no end of trouble and still looms over camp, despite.
Timothy Sackton: The knowledge, you have started to gain on how to control that.
Timothy Sackton: Many other treasures lay scattered about including a small fortune and coins and silver a number of valuable trinkets jewelry and art that were presumably largely acquired by a got as payment for services rendered and a number of magical items some weirder and creepier than others.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you sit around the fire contemplating the scene.
Timothy Sackton: A few hours before full dark What would you like to accomplish.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's incredible amount of stuff in these descriptions, I have not read all of it, unfortunately, you asked us to but.
Mike Sackton: there's a huge pile of loot, we have to figure out what to do.
Timothy Sackton: Now, are you practical notes.
Timothy Sackton: You can carry all this stuff but it's going to mean burdening the horses and most of you walk in so it'll be slower and you also have to hopefully three extra people so foods, going to be in short supply.
Mike Sackton: Well, hold on isn't the food in the hot in good shape.
Timothy Sackton: There wasn't any food in that.
Mike Sackton: yeah there was a sax a flower and.
Timothy Sackton: There were sacks a flower that were filled with.
Mike Sackton: coins and but the flower wasn't edible.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: You might I got the impression, maybe this is wrong.
Mike Sackton: I got the impression that it was legitimate food that just happened to be hiding spot not know.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it was like you know somewhat rancid in metallic tasting it probably wouldn't kill you to eat it, but it wasn't there was not a store room of liquid water, there were barrels of water that seemed to be fresh pure water.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think will be has.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): paranoia is not the right word, but just a healthy anxiety for anything that might become it, so I think he's going to spend the time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Since he's not much good with any of the magic stuff anyways like setting a perimeter and setting a watch and seeing, if I can call a bird at the end of the day, to see if anyone is nearby like worried about turned on and treasure explorers coming from the north.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): weird stuff coming out of a goddess hut from the south.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): rush people come from the east.
Timothy Sackton: Cape.
John Leeker: Cod is in a similar vein using his survival skills to set up a very good cam protection as a as a traveler.
John Leeker: Just Father for to find the camp, making it comfortable and also feeling unease of these kind of unnatural objects that we brought with us.
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker, in contrast, seems to primarily be spending his time playing with a weird pair of phone dice and the number of other strange objects that he has sort of like crouched in the dust surrounded by strange artifacts.
Eric Rosenbaum: poring over them poking at them and playing.
Eric Rosenbaum: around with them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo is kind of in between he he's like spending some time looking at the artifacts at some curiosity.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But me around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it's also just kind of like looking at the mirror and just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: also put me around at that a little bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But not taking up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: About.
Mike Sackton: dealt with is watching the free people.
Mike Sackton: More with a look of.
Mike Sackton: sort of pity in a bit of empathy.
Mike Sackton: he's thinking back to how he felt, having been freed from his captivity and sort of cautiously goes to offer them.
Mike Sackton: You know, a small piece of food.
Mike Sackton: Whatever he feels would sort of be.
Mike Sackton: A token, and you know as.
Mike Sackton: A.
Mike Sackton: gift or a not a gift, but a.
Mike Sackton: Something they'd be they'd be able to accept right way, whether its food or water or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shadow or.
drink.
Mike Sackton: A ring that binds them forever to shimano no anyway.
Mike Sackton: That was supposed to.
Mike Sackton: Say that out loud.
Timothy Sackton: um that.
Eric Rosenbaum: That doesn't.
Mike Sackton: Get that one.
Timothy Sackton: done that done my man is is like in really pretty rough shape like he he doesn't even sort of look up as you approach he sort of you know, occasionally sipping water, but just.
Timothy Sackton: seems to be almost sort of no recognition in his eyes of.
Timothy Sackton: of people and it's not even clear that he knows that he, like can figure out how to walk he just collapsed on the ground when magic was broken.
Mike Sackton: Something very small and.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, he could be food near him he's not he doesn't register your presence, he is taking a few sips of water.
Mike Sackton: I mean, does he respond to like the smell of I don't know what i'd be able to make on the campfire with our supplies, but I don't know.
Mike Sackton: flatbread with.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: Not not obviously I mean he sort of twitches a little, but doesn't move to eat anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah I forgot that there were people there, how many people are there again, this is just the the half playing, and then the third one.
Timothy Sackton: there's two.
Timothy Sackton: plus the third person who you presume the still trapped but.
Timothy Sackton: Right we'll have to wait until secret get some magic back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's all I was also joined i've dealt with with Mari guy and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll try to i'll try to kind of communicate them a little bit see what's going on, or a spirit wise.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: I mean making maker insight check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Virtual tabletop not Oh, I have to log into.
Timothy Sackton: It popped up in the in the end, beyond dialogue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I get.
12.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
i'm.
Timothy Sackton: You know he's.
Timothy Sackton: So he's clearly.
Timothy Sackton: You know your senses.
Timothy Sackton: your senses that he is just very.
Timothy Sackton: disoriented right now.
Timothy Sackton: he's he's.
Timothy Sackton: Like almost as if.
Timothy Sackton: Like he's not even really sure you know how.
Timothy Sackton: How like a human.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Body wax yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I can I help them, can I like try to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know if I sort of imagine why his aura as like you know, like a set of just pieces that are just you know spread apart and kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, can I can I help to like you know pull it back together a little bit or provide a little bit of a centering for him, so that he knows, so instead of just being like fragment scattered to the wind it's like a little bit you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: more of a gravity for him to anchor on to like try to get back to reality, a little bit more.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's a maiko wisdom check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If I can help us that that a little bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because that's not saving throws.
Timothy Sackton: Not saving just straight wisdom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is wisdom.
Timothy Sackton: Like at the very top.
Mike Sackton: All your bill wake up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it's no I mean you're like.
Timothy Sackton: it's just gonna it's gonna take some some study to understand, like you, don't you spend a while kind of you know, looking at his aura and trying to understand, but it's very disrupted.
Timothy Sackton: Not it's gonna take some more time for you to kind of understand like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will I tend to kind of uses this as a bit of like a like a challenge and tested visibility, so you just going to sit there and meditate with this and see see how long it takes for vendetta i'll you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll can get back together better with.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Mike Sackton: After kind of feeding these folks and sort of seeing kenzo focused on.
Mike Sackton: kind of talk to them or catatonic one and checking again on the half long and making sure that he doesn't.
Mike Sackton: Do that he has food and water in a safe place he's comfortable to sleep.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
That he's not.
Mike Sackton: That he doesn't need company and isn't afraid like.
Mike Sackton: That he isn't afraid of the night or anything like that.
Mike Sackton: delicto go back to the the rest of the.
Mike Sackton: I wonder.
Mike Sackton: What we should do with this.
Mike Sackton: stuff.
Mike Sackton: At first, and this House at first I.
Mike Sackton: thought we were talking about destroying it which.
Mike Sackton: has a lot to offer.
Mike Sackton: It occurred to me treasure hunters will be along.
Mike Sackton: With the rumor of August as death.
Mike Sackton: starts to spread.
Mike Sackton: We learn something by seeing who shows up.
Mike Sackton: That take it might take too long.
Mike Sackton: To wait for the chart audience to appear and.
Mike Sackton: or whoever else might come here.
Mike Sackton: was an architect having dealings with somebody wasn't she trying to make a deal.
John Leeker: it's very likely we already have for people who were trying to work with Agha or rob her house in the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Back Meta game, how long has it been since we killed her.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Eric Rosenbaum: policeman and.
Then, like a week a week.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, because that was at the Mesa or in the.
John Leeker: Whatever crowded we traveled a few days back.
Timothy Sackton: And I didn't I didn't open them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're almost certainly the first to be our first yeah.
Mike Sackton: it's been like flat five.
Mike Sackton: Days June 29 may 29 was when we killed her June 5 fourth.
Mike Sackton: And tomorrow be June 5 so six days.
John Leeker: We also have the problem of the defensive trees to make it hurt somebody in a set.
John Leeker: there's a whole row of trees, we bypass that deadly.
Mike Sackton: is also a.
Mike Sackton: body.
Mike Sackton: skin see full of loss.
Eric Rosenbaum: or, worse, oh, I never quite figured out what that's about.
Mike Sackton: I suspect anybody showing up here and chasing rumors about kiss of death is not an innocent.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm and so, in that sense they're responsible for their own.
Eric Rosenbaum: Think.
Mike Sackton: I think anyone sensible stay far away from.
Eric Rosenbaum: What does that say about us.
Mike Sackton: wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: We had a good and noble mission to rescue these.
Eric Rosenbaum: poor souls.
John Leeker: If this land over he'll, we need to remove it has impact upon it.
I agree.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it would be interesting to see them comes, but it could be months.
Mike Sackton: Okay, do you mind.
John Leeker: You could just leave the mirror there.
John Leeker: Come back and pick up the mirror and see who would.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like us, someone else finds it.
Mike Sackton: it's not guaranteed around yes exactly.
Mike Sackton: That guarantee guaranteed to catch.
Eric Rosenbaum: know.
Also.
Mike Sackton: Just Meta game for a minute wasn't Agha like making a deal with somebody like trying to make a deal with somebody to get something.
Eric Rosenbaum: So she had to deal with the centaurs is not true.
Mike Sackton: There was a deal with the centers which she was breaking right that her deal with the centers which she went north of.
Mike Sackton: shouldn't go north of a lot of some way right.
Mike Sackton: And she was.
Mike Sackton: She would go north of the old trade road and she was she was north of the old.
Mike Sackton: because she was walking.
John Leeker: She didn't get a trade for the sector.
John Leeker: Somebody gave her the sector far I remember correctly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah it was in the mirror there was like a vision of the mirror and how she got it because she got it from something right.
Mike Sackton: Right right right.
Mike Sackton: Right yes that's that's.
Mike Sackton: In the mirror, we saw that.
Mike Sackton: Right you saw we saw that she traded the.
Eric Rosenbaum: The scroll.
Mike Sackton: She traded the scroll for the chapter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On the demon.
Mike Sackton: yeah the scroll that some of the demon.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't know exactly who she was trading with.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't know who she was trading with.
Mike Sackton: But we think that the scroll that created the knowles and some of the demon was something that she traded for the sector, and maybe that's why she was breaking deal and north of that.
Timothy Sackton: But we don't know to be fair, you don't know if she was ever north of the trade route.
Mike Sackton: That is true.
Mike Sackton: She might not have been kind of just agents.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And, someone said her thing was to shoot to the letter of the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Law broker.
Mike Sackton: Right so maybe she didn't actually break the deal by the letter she just sent her agents and was meddling.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so that's what I was remembering to cut that it was that she traded for.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And we don't we don't like have that scroll to we don't have any physical we didn't that we could do either, because we can show it to me know who she got this focus from.
Mike Sackton: We did show it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh okay.
Mike Sackton: And we saw run with like a demon creature somebody writing we saw the full being created, we didn't see.
John Leeker: History.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But no one, no one of them referenced.
Mike Sackton: It was like very.
Mike Sackton: It was very it was all right mm.
hmm.
Mike Sackton: going to have a vision of the scroll case.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: it's there we go vision of the ivory scroll CAP from ravens.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: A gloved hand is carving the ivory scroll CAP shaping nearby a piece of estimate of human skin sitting on.
Mike Sackton: Some of the skin gets.
Mike Sackton: Right, all we saw was that.
Mike Sackton: The scroll rolled up and a hand wearing a black growth glove reaches for it holds it and then a burst of light emanates handedness scroll some sort of magic and then we can see a demon of some kind.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just the shadow of the demon for the long tail.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: again.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I put in the chat role.
Mike Sackton: Right TIM put it in the zoom chat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect.
John Leeker: So your comics routers.
John Leeker: are exposed here.
John Leeker: there's bigger things afoot, obviously, but we have sick people we have trapped people, we have a cursed House we have traps and we have.
John Leeker: much money and magic to deal with now.
John Leeker: These other things can be discussed in a safer place.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who might be willing to take in these recovering.
Eric Rosenbaum: former prisoners, the monastery of schooner of.
Eric Rosenbaum: The one to Accra.
John Leeker: Which ones physically closer.
Mike Sackton: heroin, I think I think we can prevail on the line, Caroline to take them in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Until they've recovered enough.
Mike Sackton: If they will recover.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's true the where are we relative to the two monks additional months.
Timothy Sackton: are two are very close to the bathroom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay got it.
Mike Sackton: So not actually we're probably about equidistant to carolyn the stone.
Timothy Sackton: you're you're.
Timothy Sackton: A bit closer to Caroline.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, though this is an interesting question that again, where do where are we storing all of our ship right now in Karma like our speed mirror and all that other stuff.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: Interested was what was keeping.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah okay oh and let's all guys let's do it that's probably the best place for this episode, we should like set up our own like you know, like being a secret created like elaborate like underground tunnel system where we like you know.
Mike Sackton: dealt with had a house, but it got destroyed and the.
Eric Rosenbaum: We just delegate somebody to carry it into the mirror and we just carry the mirror around.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then that person doesn't even have to ride a horse, they just get to go and pop out the other end.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I certainly agree with your cod cod not, we need to move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As reasonably quickly as we can to get these poor souls back to a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: place where they can be better better supported.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do wonder about this mirror, though, and I do wonder about the souls trapped inside of it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And perhaps seeker, you may be wiser in devising the contraption but it feels as though we could learn about the identities of the souls inside with our other mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: or by releasing them into a controlled circumstance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I believe that we can use an.
Eric Rosenbaum: end where it's for the mirror not standing right near, it would be fairly close but it might be that it could be in some room in inside, of which the person coming out would be trapped, but with to into which we could see.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is there no way to call them to the mirror, without calling them out of the mirror we can't like a prisoner in a cell talk with them, while they're still in so.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's an interesting thought will be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, we cannot we tried to we tried.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All manner of communicate with you all, while you're inside.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, but I think there might be something to learn by further investigation TIM, can I just like experiment with the mirror I guess very carefully.
Mike Sackton: can get say that there's potentially more command words, though yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly So can I just like study it a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: Sure um.
Mike Sackton: You sensed are likely other command words but further study would be required to learn them.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah like How would, I find that.
Mike Sackton: That might be that might be a good thing for secret of study, this evening I mean.
Mike Sackton: by other fighters.
Eric Rosenbaum: say some stuff to the mirror over and over and see what happens.
Mike Sackton: When we.
Mike Sackton: Do we want to.
Mike Sackton: destroy our editors layer and attempt to leave no trace that it existed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or we should.
Go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or Meta game, do we take it over as our own, given all of its like sweet protections i'm kidding.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here Kenny.
Mike Sackton: Evil fact.
Timothy Sackton: Are we, the body.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): too late for us to be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think, whatever we do, by definition, is good so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: keep that in mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: cut and I could bury the layer in rubble when using it for millennia, hence, to be dug up again and people to trip over it.
Eric Rosenbaum: and kill themselves with magic.
John Leeker: We could burn it and then bury it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I like that I do a lot.
Eric Rosenbaum: We sink it in the swamp then burn it then bury it.
John Leeker: And so, if we're worried about what is trapped in the mirror.
John Leeker: Could we on the way back return to the.
John Leeker: The pond that we escaped into one fighting advertising on the way and that's another protected pocket reality.
Timothy Sackton: If not, on the way.
Timothy Sackton: it's about it's not that much further from.
Timothy Sackton: From where you are care was the closest to the cocoons wellspring is.
Timothy Sackton: A little bit further in house is a little bit further.
John Leeker: Okay okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: The wellspring is an interesting place it's also another.
Eric Rosenbaum: Little cleaner world.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is very exciting to me, I should note that we've now had the opportunity to travel between these planar dimensions, although admittedly only seemingly small ones.
Eric Rosenbaum: What does that even mean for it to be small.
John Leeker: That could be the fort your your base could be instructions wellspring.
John Leeker: obscured and hidden.
Eric Rosenbaum: we'd have to talk about that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's not ours.
um.
yeah.
John Leeker: Tomorrow morning we.
John Leeker: return to the House to burn and barrier.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): agree destroyed as thorough as we can.
John Leeker: Do we want to release anybody from the mirror.
John Leeker: They may have information about the House that could be pertinent to things we need to destroy or avoid or save that we have missed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think it's too risky to release anybody here I mean, even if I mean no harm we're already short on food, water, how do we get back with everybody if they require additional care.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doesn't feel like we're well positioned now.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Eric Rosenbaum: But, but just imagine, who could be could be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh we'll find out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Find out right here, I don't think.
John Leeker: But what happens if they're like my daughter was the coaster on one of the things we forgot.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we just burned it to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly the other The other thing to do is just leave the House right here, go back return and then you know we can come back and Bernard again later there's no, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: This House is stood for centuries, admittedly, with a goddess.
Eric Rosenbaum: We remove presence to help people but did we remove all protections because isn't there still illusion magic preventing it from being seen.
John Leeker: And the wasp lady.
Mike Sackton: And you can only approach it through the trees and if you come from the other side you can't go in.
Mike Sackton: I mean by that by firing.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Mike Sackton: The trees are still there.
Eric Rosenbaum: They will still say yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: nobody's gonna stumble into this by accident.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And if you know, like if we're if we're if we're worried about accidentally hurting or destroying an artifact or whatever we can just come back in a week.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I personally don't mind burning it myself burning and now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I personally don't care, but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we should because.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think you're right, no one will stumble onto it backs, which means the only people who come here are people who shouldn't be coming here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whether it's a goddess allies.
Were.
Mike Sackton: People coming to loot her treasure and.
Mike Sackton: The grant.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's see see this is this is more of a concern.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the I think what you're alluding to, which is what does she does have allies that know about the secret compartment or like a special place that whatever you know thing that we have missed madness to store.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and go worry less about our completeness in recovering every less thing that could be there, then the potential that someone else could use this place for you, but something else related to God, I could make their layer here in this sort of protected and hidden place.
Mike Sackton: I create with wealthy I think some treasure last.
Mike Sackton: made him a price to pay, and I think it is.
Mike Sackton: unlikely that.
Mike Sackton: has many ways it didn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We may be able to solve this How far are we from Kerala here.
Timothy Sackton: wow I mean.
Timothy Sackton: walking miles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That just like how long would it take to get back to care about given what you described.
Timothy Sackton: A probably.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10s of pulls out the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Four kinds of pulls out the walkie talkie stone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean we could split up, we could send a couple of us back go take the take the mirror take the take those that are injured in need in need of rest and recovery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Once back into town that group in Kerala can release the prisoners from the mirror interrogate them understand what happens and a couple of us can stay here and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: play century and we can communicate using the stones.
Mike Sackton: way century to see who shows up if anybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also first century to see who shows up anybody.
Mike Sackton: For a place and Tracy just because we don't wish to destroy our get to the lair until we know more about what might be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, and look, you know, perhaps, perhaps record, you know, maybe myself and record or crowd unwieldy stay here so that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the event, it needs to be destroyed, we can communicate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go wipe it out seeker, we probably need would would be most useful with the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, a town within the with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With whoever or whatever emerges from the revere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think if we are going to experimentally release one, at a time whoever's trapped in the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's so unpredictable that I would prefer not to be.
Eric Rosenbaum: A split group at that time, but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe it's worth a try similar what Why would we not just destroy the place and i've been here over.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm eager to go somewhere new.
Eric Rosenbaum: to destroy of replacing move on from.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The evil ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, the evil layers right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Actually haven't destroyed all the evil.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no, generally not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait but let's just think for a moment i'm dealt with can fly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: delta wait, how did, how did Chicago get can sorry I just met a game, how did you fly here or did you can turn to a bird right.
Timothy Sackton: Joe God just turned into a little creature and wrote on somebody.
Timothy Sackton: A flank shoulder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or that boulder me yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so I mean Chicago Chicago and dealt with it stay here at the House ready to destroy the House and escape at any moment, and then myself and well be and seeker and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: could go back to the town so i'm going to use the prisoners.
Mike Sackton: letter we accomplishing album with welby, what are we accomplishing by I mean staying and watching and keeping and.
John Leeker: The.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, this is this is this is addresses both the I mean we don't have to do this, but this is this addresses your concern earlier with about watching to see who might show up if anybody shows up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then to it just makes it just ensures that if we destroy the place we're not destroying something critical or valuable that we that that may be somebody that's trapped in the miracle of class.
John Leeker: We have four people that were seeking out a goddess layer for a reason.
John Leeker: By have the four five the five people, we have a goddess layer we can answer those questions once we destroy a goddess layer we may lose information we've already talked about the value of seeing who comes knocking we have five people who came knocking with us right now.
Mike Sackton: I suspect the people trapped maybe a gotchas enemies or.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who knows, could be an ex husband could be a little behaved.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly toddler.
Mike Sackton: We don't remember that.
Mike Sackton: The mirror the only.
Mike Sackton: We don't know that the only thing that I got the did with the mirror was set it up in her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: door when she was gone wrapped.
Eric Rosenbaum: I agree.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's that's why I say.
Mike Sackton: Maybe a Li Li of hers.
Mike Sackton: is old wishes to pass time on aging.
Eric Rosenbaum: or she accidentally summon some kind of gigantic creature.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which is why.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It would be most prudent for us to show the mirror to the mirror.
Mike Sackton: The mirror.
John Leeker: Yes, so.
John Leeker: what's tomorrow we can double check the House and then.
Mike Sackton: Just do something.
John Leeker: Tomorrow we can double check the House.
John Leeker: And then destroy it, and be on our way.
John Leeker: We can just be thorough.
John Leeker: I agree, fresh in the morning.
Mike Sackton: It even if we wish to watch for who might come I think it'll be time before they do.
Mike Sackton: We don't have to keep the House intact to watch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, look, I mean you know because I feel like we really only need one person to stay here actually right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If record we're willing to stay and record, you have the ability to bury the House destroy it completely, you also have the ability to escape.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can leave you one of the messaging stones and then I feel confident the four of us could handle anything that might have come outside that come outside the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Only took four days.
John Leeker: This is an unholy place, this is a.
John Leeker: I say we just by tomorrow morning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, let's burn it.
John Leeker: After we check again just to be careful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Totally gonna burn it and somebody asked me like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How could you have burned it.
The most valuable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: understand what why we would hurt why we will we lose by just splitting up and just do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's The worst thing that happens.
Timothy Sackton: party dies.
Timothy Sackton: yeah party dive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah all right Fuck it let's burnett's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, what do you want to be secret, what do you think seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would personally prefer that we do something a little bit less.
Eric Rosenbaum: Harsh buried in sand or something like that, but maybe i'll be overruled by the wishes and party, as is often the case, my moderate and carefully considered opinions are squashed by the rampaging majority but.
Eric Rosenbaum: The ramp a good way of the world.
and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait but what's what's your proposal secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh record and I bury the House in a pile of sand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which also isn't bad because we can always if we really there's something in there, we could we could also just you know move the sand away or I.
can access.
Eric Rosenbaum: or our descendants.
Eric Rosenbaum: centuries, hence could go and find the traces of our experts.
Mike Sackton: I do not think we'll be back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Live unless i'm support that plan what's the what's the will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like it.
Mike Sackton: it's very Apps trick hide you could find out from your.
Mike Sackton: spouse.
Mike Sackton: If leaving the House intact, would be a good or.
Bad.
John Leeker: Now you're talking, yes, I believe I have to wait until tomorrow morning to do that, but we can.
John Leeker: Talk to the gods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A brilliant brilliant all this.
John Leeker: way we.
John Leeker: could also use one of August does.
Mike Sackton: bones if we will live there's no rush we.
Mike Sackton: Have morning.
John Leeker: Unless something goes, we had the morning anyway right.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's do it.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you.
Timothy Sackton: spend an evening the evening settling into camp having dinner.
Timothy Sackton: who's who's watching this evening.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): First, one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why does that matter, Tim.
Mike Sackton: we're all getting like we don't we don't know why do we care we'd rather not tell you, if it doesn't matter.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, why does it matter.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well i'll be on the watch wherever.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The thing happens that happens, so that you notice is it happening before it out.
Mike Sackton: With stays up most of the night anyway, like an even if somebody else's on watch.
John Leeker: Is there any choke points around the camp like natural.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you're in a cat you're in a Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: it's so it's like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who are we talking about this.
Timothy Sackton: there's like a there's like.
Timothy Sackton: A sort of a bigger opening part of the Canyon where all the like horses in gears stashed that has like one exit and then you're sort of Camp with the tense has sort of to exit so it's the canyons like.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know like a Y or something basically.
Timothy Sackton: So there's three choke there's like three choke points effectively.
John Leeker: Can how many times, can I cast alarm.
Timothy Sackton: it's a ritual.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think you can have more than one you can't have more than one spell of the same spell active at.
John Leeker: One okay.
John Leeker: Well, I can cast an alarm at the choke point, maybe we aren't watching as closely as a backup.
John Leeker: For eight hours, it will.
John Leeker: It will alert us if somebody passes through.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, like maybe the one by the horses.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it's probably the one you're not watching as closely.
John Leeker: Alright cast that.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so again what who is up when.
Timothy Sackton: Down i'll be.
Timothy Sackton: The first watch.
Mike Sackton: dealt with will take the.
Mike Sackton: will go to sleep at the beginning of the night and then get up around 1am and the up.
Timothy Sackton: Okay who's taking the second watch.
John Leeker: Your card will take the second watch.
Timothy Sackton: And then down with is taking the third and fourth watch.
Mike Sackton: I mean somebody can watch with Dell it from one of the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice flowers asleep So yes, so we'll get up early for the fourth watch watch watch.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, and seeker will sleep, with a little jar with an eyeball in it next to his head.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So, so, as you all, as you all go to sleep and and while be.
Timothy Sackton: takes watch.
Timothy Sackton: The I assume somebody kind of talks in the.
Timothy Sackton: Denmark and the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hassling I sleep next to the market and i'm like what we're not talking i'm just i'm just like you know, trying to.
Timothy Sackton: You do notice that the.
Timothy Sackton: Guy that dealt with Left has vanished you'd like eight it furtively at one point, but he still hasn't moved from like curled up in a ball basically.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can burn them as I kind of just you know hours and hours of just sitting with them and meditating.
Timothy Sackton: A you're you're starting to get a better sense of of liking me like you're the sense that you're getting he almost needs to be just to read learn everything about being human like like a stroke victim or something right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like auto.
Timothy Sackton: got it he needs he just needs to.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The.
Timothy Sackton: So you haven't made much made progress and kind of understanding what's wrong.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: However, the reason I need to know on your watch is on in the on the first watch the hassling on well bs watch.
Timothy Sackton: Garrett tealeaf who sort of can't sleep and see is now the everybody else has kind of gone to sleep and it's just a safe hassling.
Timothy Sackton: Sitting watch gets up and slowly walks over towards you and sits down next to you well being.
Timothy Sackton: And he says.
Timothy Sackton: you're all.
Timothy Sackton: Strong.
Timothy Sackton: Are they are you all good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What does it mean to be good.
Timothy Sackton: gotta was Gary.
Timothy Sackton: don't he's like constantly looking over at the stuff.
Timothy Sackton: You brought out of.
Timothy Sackton: The layer and he says.
Timothy Sackton: I don't trust her stuff.
Timothy Sackton: And it's his voice is kind of shaky he's like talking, you know he has that elderly sort of quaver and his voice, but he's pretty and it's sort of you get the fancy sort of built he's like been working up as nerve for a few hours to come say this to you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You don't trust your stuff to be saved for you don't trust your stuff could be used.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For good ends.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): in particular.
Timothy Sackton: I can't get the screams that came from our hot out of my head.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what she was doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or we'll see right now, except for while.
Timothy Sackton: you're asleep, except for a while.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And we're probably tough until the.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I assume you're talking telepathically.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He recognizes any of the items.
Timothy Sackton: I in the later years.
Timothy Sackton: Sometimes, but.
Timothy Sackton: I was lucky.
Timothy Sackton: She didn't let me in the House.
Timothy Sackton: I tended the garden, such as it was and watch the road.
Timothy Sackton: And then, for years, I would have been free.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody who went into the House didn't come out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In four years you wouldn't been free well.
Timothy Sackton: My family attacked her orcs.
Timothy Sackton: The dust storm tribe or whatever they call themselves.
Timothy Sackton: threatened bear caravan.
Timothy Sackton: We were strong.
Timothy Sackton: We don't take threats slightly.
Timothy Sackton: Why sit back and let them radar goods passing by.
Timothy Sackton: You were taking shortcuts across the desert and.
Timothy Sackton: This far out that admire you don't come off and.
Timothy Sackton: But it's much quicker to get the US Gandhi going this way, instead of.
Timothy Sackton: West toker and turning South among the river.
Timothy Sackton: So we didn't let it stop us.
Timothy Sackton: Cut off some time cross the mountains go down tonight, a hard sell up to darby done on to chart and it was a profitable route.
Timothy Sackton: And we won.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That battle.
Timothy Sackton: But I got to was not happy.
She took me.
Timothy Sackton: and made a deal.
Timothy Sackton: My clan never went further east and sankara.
Timothy Sackton: For 15 years she released me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you think I.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): should have been.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): done no.
Timothy Sackton: You killed her right.
Timothy Sackton: i'm free.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Your body burn.
Timothy Sackton: Your friend is certainly powerful.
Timothy Sackton: The dwarf.
Eric Rosenbaum: asked him what he thinks it is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What what year were you taking.
Timothy Sackton: He gives you that name of the year 11 years ago.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh i'll give him the name baffling name of all the years since that.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Thank you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can an evil thing be used to a good and.
Timothy Sackton: This is beyond my.
Timothy Sackton: I will not pretend to know the answer to such sophisticated questions.
Timothy Sackton: I just want you to be careful.
Timothy Sackton: Even things that may seem.
Timothy Sackton: seem safe at first can turn rotten when it got that touches them.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing good ever came out of that hot.
Timothy Sackton: And you could tell the people that she was.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I don't think she was ever scared of anything.
Timothy Sackton: But when she met somebody sat and had tea with them, I on her porch.
Timothy Sackton: They usually walked away Paul mostly.
Timothy Sackton: Does that she invited in.
Timothy Sackton: never came back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know years how many humans to do sit see sit and have tea with her.
Timothy Sackton: outside.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe a dozen.
Timothy Sackton: A few more.
Timothy Sackton: There was.
Timothy Sackton: A few every year.
Timothy Sackton: Mostly come to bargain.
Timothy Sackton: I could never hear what they talked about there's something about that house.
Timothy Sackton: Or maybe it was her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: insight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): thoughts or suggestions i'll definitely take.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That can you ask how many how many.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many did he actually see go into the House and never come back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And how many one and didn't come in.
Timothy Sackton: there's only a few.
Timothy Sackton: little girl.
Timothy Sackton: Not too long ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is better than the mirror.
Mike Sackton: There was a little girl was to my presumably.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah what she met again what was she interested in before.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): She was.
Timothy Sackton: centers daughter, and the third person.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you fall asleep, I was really interesting.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now Schwartz froze but it looks like he fell asleep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: To my with central daughter that was like a goddess whole plan to get the.
Timothy Sackton: The heart cocoons heart out of care.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah okay sorry.
John Leeker: We still.
Mike Sackton: don't know why Agha to wanted the heart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That is, I got who was trying to disrupt the just disrupt.
John Leeker: Their protection exactly we don't know.
John Leeker: Why, what was the in game for disrupting the protection.
sounds.
John Leeker: concerned about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sounds like what.
Eric Rosenbaum: she's friends with the works, we learned from the Catholic story.
Timothy Sackton: There was a an orc.
Timothy Sackton: few years back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I love it so in order to in order yeah go back.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's give them numbers.
Timothy Sackton: There was there was another woman.
Timothy Sackton: fancy done married woman.
Timothy Sackton: Soon after I was taken.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe two or three others.
Timothy Sackton: Many fewer than came and sat and talked on her porch.
Timothy Sackton: But it's those.
Timothy Sackton: Those ones that still haunt me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you ask for it, if there are any that came in on a company like us that just showed up versus that were that were brought inside.
Mike Sackton: Also, I would not assume that everybody who went inside was in the mirrors right like literally, some of them, she toward their tongues out and turn them into this necklace that seekers wearing right.
Eric Rosenbaum: or others turned into furniture is underway, the furniture is the mirror right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But it's also like their stuff to happen before these 11 years too.
Mike Sackton: So yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The furniture people predate the skirt.
Mike Sackton: Maybe not one of them, we don't know I know they must right because they're such yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we did the rest of the rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of the five people that are in there, there is going to be a corresponding little artifact for each one.
Eric Rosenbaum: of some kind.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, no.
Mike Sackton: they're just traps you, we were all in prison it's.
Timothy Sackton: The ones who are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: turned into things.
Timothy Sackton: turned into would that have a little.
John Leeker: thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's unrelated to the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: unrelated to the mirror.
Mike Sackton: aka that turn some people into would traps others in the mirror and then I guess tortures some of them to death and turns them into magic items.
John Leeker: Or maybe a wasp.
Mike Sackton: or skinny them and turns them into one yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: very nice.
John Leeker: Can you ask about the her assistant that we met at chickens.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, so yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That must have been similar.
Timothy Sackton: To always had.
Timothy Sackton: creatures around.
Timothy Sackton: orcs and giant vultures and.
Timothy Sackton: Sometimes these.
Timothy Sackton: Strange shape shifters.
Mike Sackton: yeah we met, one of the shape shifters in.
Mike Sackton: Over the where jackal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah no ball, this is the ones that we met at re install.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: regattas ha.
Eric Rosenbaum: or like associates.
colleagues.
Mike Sackton: that's where we first heard it got his name.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Mike Sackton: Is from vault cuz she heard them talking about bringing some treasure to it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right so always gotta looking for in residence halls.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which because after air and burn it down.
Timothy Sackton: The years run together sometimes.
Timothy Sackton: Especially.
Timothy Sackton: Without anybody to talk to the way.
Timothy Sackton: Talking is supposed to happen.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how many years I have left, I would like to get back to my family.
Timothy Sackton: And I would like to see you.
Timothy Sackton: not die.
Timothy Sackton: After what you've done for me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): comes from.
Timothy Sackton: But hopefully before its time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): know before we can make a story of our lives, at least in song out of it, what do you need to feel safe on the road back.
Timothy Sackton: Every mile we get away from that place to say, for I feel.
Timothy Sackton: But this Doc.
Timothy Sackton: I do not like to look at it.
Timothy Sackton: You must bring it with you.
Let me right in front.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Very good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Have you ever written in that speak before.
Timothy Sackton: I have not.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wonderful that's.
Timothy Sackton: That that is yours, then.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry hold on.
Timothy Sackton: Well, maybe I can ride with you then.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Very good.
John Leeker: what's xp what's isn't it your first name again.
John Leeker: X baxter Chester.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This virtual tabletop nuts and bolts of 24.
John Leeker: cards starts try opens his eyes away it's like need shakes people near my alarm went off somebody near the horses.
Eric Rosenbaum: I look at my eyeball.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing.
John Leeker: There cod.
John Leeker: jumps out of bad grabs his staff and starts walking to where the alarm went off.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Gala.
Mike Sackton: A monotonous Armor and follow God.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll stand not commit arrow pointed at the thing that I see in the dark and just say show yourself.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you're seeing.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So will stand protectively near the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: golden Mari guy baffling.
Timothy Sackton: Oh hold on a SEC so.
Timothy Sackton: everything's happening at once you got to resolve actions in order.
Timothy Sackton: To welby is like.
Timothy Sackton: Well, we as like where.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I gotta get better than that.
So.
Timothy Sackton: So your lobbyist sitting by the fire keeping an eye on you see something moving.
Timothy Sackton: Basically creeping around the corner.
Timothy Sackton: here.
Timothy Sackton: Just just.
Timothy Sackton: sneaking in here firelight yeah.
Mike Sackton: Not by the horses are.
Timothy Sackton: Not where they are i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Just justice everybody stands up i'm.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: everybody's awake but why don't you roll initiative, just to keep things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we can always trapping in the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is a beautiful mapped and, by the way.
John Leeker: Yes, very nice.
John Leeker: I like the lighting of the fire can start.
Timothy Sackton: let's see sick ooh boy you guys are rolling bad.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 1616.
Timothy Sackton: Wait where did that window girl.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I accidentally drag the chat somewhere weird.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can't wait to use a smear on whatever sticking around the corner.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): At this moment of dread that whatever sneaky was just going to come over and smash them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then we're gonna have if whatever it's just.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): awesome.
John Leeker: guys if I think we're seeing different.
John Leeker: Things my alarm was for the for the horses or add.
John Leeker: yeah and well, be it seems something that's somewhere else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, because we're surrounded.
Timothy Sackton: Coming flying over the.
Timothy Sackton: Over the rocks into camp let's see well be doesn't have dark vision, so you don't see where they're coming from.
Timothy Sackton: Our little bit different is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Our.
Timothy Sackton: This is Chris javelins.
Timothy Sackton: One of them well be strikes you dead on.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Doing.
Timothy Sackton: 11 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: As you're just caught.
Timothy Sackton: by surprise from this javelin flying out of the air, but after that first one like pierces your shoulder you managed to dodge.
Timothy Sackton: But next to.
Timothy Sackton: what's your AC.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 15.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you managed to dodge the next two, then the third one hits Garrett.
Timothy Sackton: Who like staggers back.
Timothy Sackton: not prepared for this blow and looks.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty badly off with that javelin head.
Timothy Sackton: As.
Timothy Sackton: After this rain of javelins you see.
Timothy Sackton: You see rushing around the corner here on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh geez.
Timothy Sackton: Some arcs.
Timothy Sackton: And that kenzo is up next you've.
Timothy Sackton: awakened in your tent.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm like how the mirrors pointed at me i'm should I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't shy going.
Mike Sackton: To mirror right there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah right.
Timothy Sackton: There right there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should I go protect the horses if the COPs alarm went off.
Eric Rosenbaum: TIM did we get along rest.
nope.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you can have a short rest if you wanted.
Mike Sackton: As I say, we did get a short rest.
Timothy Sackton: But no longer lasts.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
Mike Sackton: So, most people I think are well and spells.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): before him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But probably good idea for me to go protective horses right since i'm like well system.
Mike Sackton: While it is there's something's coming from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right that's what i'm saying yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah the different words that.
Mike Sackton: die we're probably screwed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that's what i'm saying we will be very fucked if the horses are good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will move.
Timothy Sackton: What does it say on your character sheet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where's where's move.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you can move nine squares.
Timothy Sackton: 45 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 1234578.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So go and click in front of baxter but i'll move over here, what do I see anything to as i'm moving over.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Let me see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, Ken from my last thing can I jump up.
Timothy Sackton: Here oh you don't see anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like jump up like over here up on top.
Timothy Sackton: Ah sure.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's dark over here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I jump up there, and then I opened my drift club.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that's your action to drift a little bit up yep.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That would be interesting.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just incidentally since he's over there tonight yellow as a free action.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): baxter week the horses.
sure.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So, unless you want to do something with your bonus action that ends your turn kenza.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I want to see if there's any auras around.
Timothy Sackton: um you can't use soul side to just search for or as until you're a higher level, you have to target something you can see, within 60 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does the club like show me anything.
Timothy Sackton: The Jeff club does not show you anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, I will I guess i'm done for now.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: wow rushing 1234.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We also had a 16 initiative.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That I did.
Timothy Sackton: Oh hey everybody know you're right everybody had a 16 initiative, but you can go before the monsters.
Timothy Sackton: I had mommy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah so i'll yell to baxter weights of horses and protect kenzo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then, who is that guy whose token you were just moving it looks different than the others.
Timothy Sackton: That says like sort of better.
Timothy Sackton: And an Arc that looks tougher than the other works.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is there enough light to see the four of them five of them in front of me.
Timothy Sackton: yeah they've come into the firelight now.
Timothy Sackton: After for the singer jab one's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): cool and is it a free action to activate the drift club or is it a.
Timothy Sackton: BONUS action or so it's an action.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Action action Okay, in that case i'm just gonna take steady aim at the work directly in front of me and shoot that guy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: that's one right here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That was.
Timothy Sackton: Missing that already with advantage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh no oh goodness.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah there you go.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: The arc of that.
John Leeker: one.
Mike Sackton: That scary looking one.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know that on right in front of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: almost never see.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was huge.
Timothy Sackton: That was seven that was like 30 something damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What numbers you add up.
Timothy Sackton: All that all of that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: more concrete wall and seven.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're 312 15.
Mike Sackton: park yeah.
Mike Sackton: Because when when roques current with sneak attack they do a ton of damage, because they doubled their sneak attack.
John Leeker: damn right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To say that as the arrow goes directly through the chest of the first org and yeah impacts without damage, let me work directly behind it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah totally ah Garrett he's like holding the leading wounded on his shoulder looks up at you like wow you're pretty good.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, but now this shadow is gonna is gonna run forward.
Timothy Sackton: And it is going.
Timothy Sackton: what's moving this this hour.
Timothy Sackton: run.
Timothy Sackton: So that was 1234567 and it will take swing as it's running past with its scimitar.
Timothy Sackton: Once each at well be and.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: So a nine on well be that misses a critical hit on our.
John Leeker: pool oh.
Timothy Sackton: which does.
Timothy Sackton: 20 1929 points of damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): he'll shut up shut up.
Timothy Sackton: And then he's gonna bonus action disengage and move.
Eric Rosenbaum: What, no, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: Two X.
Timothy Sackton: Three more to their.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: how's it going through the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: I tried to tell.
Timothy Sackton: That will end this turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God he's gonna fucking break the mirror and release, whatever the bugs me entrapments either.
A.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: trickster God needs to fucking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Open an error and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Timothy Sackton: You see.
Timothy Sackton: i'm now emerging into the light another one from this direction is going to run 12345678 and just start like gathering up coins anything that looks valuable a month like picking up sacks of treasure and you.
John Leeker: Know like that and what's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Number two to do.
Timothy Sackton: What.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): baxter gets an opportunity that.
Timothy Sackton: He didn't move out of baxter's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): REACH oh it's still just.
Timothy Sackton: yeah and he will use his he will use this action to gather as much.
Timothy Sackton: As much stuff as he can.
Timothy Sackton: And then jump on to this horse.
Timothy Sackton: and prepare to write off with your horse.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, just logistically.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We pile money in the middle of the horses.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: Okay man like high on.
Mike Sackton: Our stuff is probably over here.
I think yeah.
Timothy Sackton: keep running your bonus action dash.
Timothy Sackton: get an opportunity to actor does get an opportunity attack.
I also.
Mike Sackton: can say you're not anyway, you gotta go after it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah well once it's my turn to you.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Extra rules on the team after look up.
starts at half.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dozen the same factor, then.
Mike Sackton: nope.
Timothy Sackton: He told runs fast.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just gets.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): ready for tax with plus four reaches five hit is one plus two slash.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So oh so he does templates.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: This one has the runs past.
Timothy Sackton: 10 points of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No more errors at regular works.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: A flying out of the.
Timothy Sackton: You see, like landing.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Coming over the cliffs and landing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh geez know what.
Timothy Sackton: landing near your treasure.
Timothy Sackton: A sort of half human half Raven looking creature like a humanoid form Raven human hybrid with big wings on its back.
Timothy Sackton: it's going to grab everything it can.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's this guy right here.
Timothy Sackton: yeah this guy right here and that's gonna fly up into the sky and go fly up to the top landing on the top of this clip with as much.
Treasury.
Timothy Sackton: And now it is secrets.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hi machine very all the treasure for the night.
I know right.
Timothy Sackton: it's kind of stone here that's the hard to bury stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah it's easy to use the restroom like super duper click.
John Leeker: i've been checking coffee, for the past hour so i'll be back again to second.
Timothy Sackton: seeker and then.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm going to pick up the JAR of leeches and cast catapult to launch it directly at the Raven guy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or maybe actually I should shoot the.
Eric Rosenbaum: This guy the super orc that's closest to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because the Raven isn't it.
Eric Rosenbaum: isn't actually a threat to my body right now right.
Timothy Sackton: Not at the moment, now.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's like who is secret scared of at this moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's that guy that just like you just like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Running and trying to fight us they're trying to steal our shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nobody he hacked deal with the seminar to me yeah yeah all right i'll use catapult and shoot it at the guy across the fire from me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like a collector Tajik trap, some of these little buggers.
Timothy Sackton: Now he got saved against.
Timothy Sackton: Against catapult right.
Timothy Sackton: dexterity okay so i'm gonna say, given that the way the leeches bottle normally works as you throw it and you have to go ahead i'm gonna say if he makes it safe than the leeches don't attack, but he still takes don't attach but he still takes half.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So DC.
Timothy Sackton: And he made his save.
Mike Sackton: The whole lot but catapult keeps going they'll hit the next guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: The.
Mike Sackton: The whole point of catapult is that if you make your safe it keeps going it's the next guy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't I didn't know that, but there is a straight line there.
Mike Sackton: anything.
Timothy Sackton: That and would take a few steps over to line it up.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah sure sure sure sure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's awesome.
Timothy Sackton: So now it hits this other or shout out.
Timothy Sackton: For alpha safe.
Timothy Sackton: But it doesn't do half damage on a failure right.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, no, it catapult the nice thing about catapult is, if you mess it goes to the next guy.
Mike Sackton: right but it doesn't if you missed you just dodged you jumped out of the way.
Timothy Sackton: I saw the leeches shatter on the orc doing 16 budgeting damage and also i'm attaching to them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: which gives them disadvantage on attack roles ability checks and saving throws to maintain concentration, but not other saving throws, but that was a one use item, so now it has gone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, that's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or that.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that was cool and then I can still do something like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like.
Eric Rosenbaum: vicious mockery can I do that.
Timothy Sackton: nope that's an action.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's an action, but I can do inspiration.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you can.
Eric Rosenbaum: I cast inspiration on well who's right next to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was inspiration do.
Eric Rosenbaum: You get an extra die for a role of your choice basically some explosions damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Down with your up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So many things have to happen before I get to move again.
Eric Rosenbaum: I.
Mike Sackton: am going to.
Mike Sackton: Close for that.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I assume I can't put on i'm not wearing Armor.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he takes way too long to put on your Armor.
Mike Sackton: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't sleep with your Armor on oh.
Mike Sackton: wow I don't think you can like I was wondering when I sleep but.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: surprised.
Timothy Sackton: God your next.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: door, what do.
Mike Sackton: I haven't done anything yet debating whether to be some semi suicidal or sensible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does more damage.
Mike Sackton: Oh sensible does no damage at all it's casting a production style, so I don't die.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): semi suicide yes.
Mike Sackton: I will go over to this guy.
Mike Sackton: I will hacks him and I will attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Use the mirror to crowd use the mirror.
Mike Sackton: And let's see attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I wonder if you use the mirror look in the mirror is going to work on these monsters.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we know that senior.
John Leeker: It doesn't work if it's dark.
it's.
Timothy Sackton: A lot of hats, although.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's a fire light.
Timothy Sackton: Your world long bow.
Mike Sackton: out whoops wrong the wrong thing.
Timothy Sackton: Just roll damn it's the.
Mike Sackton: same it's the same.
Mike Sackton: As well they're both.
Mike Sackton: they're both same that same damage same everything because they're both X weapons so whatever the weapons.
Mike Sackton: But I need to all haxton.
Which is one.
Mike Sackton: plus two more and.
Mike Sackton: It also has a disadvantage on.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So that's one attack.
Mike Sackton: Alright, I guess, second attack gotta get.
Mike Sackton: sorry about that.
Timothy Sackton: That is going to mass.
Timothy Sackton: that Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: So that ends your turn yeah.
Timothy Sackton: God you're up.
John Leeker: Do like for these horses, is that represent how big they are, how many squares they take up.
yep.
John Leeker: Okay.
Mike Sackton: You gotta take out some of the orcs if you can.
John Leeker: check a distance thing very quickly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Only wanting to use the use the mirror and just putting trap like a couple of these like the jackal errs.
John Leeker: Okay, so you're cod takes a deep breath and he begins casting a spell and X speak will show up here.
John Leeker: Another one shows up here.
Timothy Sackton: Wait hold on i'm just going to copy baxter.
Timothy Sackton: Wherever.
John Leeker: One here.
Timothy Sackton: And xp can't fit there.
John Leeker: Okay, so we'll do one here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
John Leeker: Another one here.
John Leeker: wow another one here.
Mike Sackton: Well, put one.
John Leeker: I got plenty.
Mike Sackton: Max please can you seven.
Eric Rosenbaum: Eight what.
What.
John Leeker: So what's put one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Here yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're going on top of what people put one with the Raven guy like the Raven guy on top of the hill.
John Leeker: One up there.
Yes.
John Leeker: So that's 12345 let's put one here to stop.
John Leeker: Anything else from coming in, or can also move.
John Leeker: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When another one up top of the ribbon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I agree.
Eric Rosenbaum: 1234567 what are they.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really don't care.
Timothy Sackton: How far away from you can they be.
60.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
John Leeker: I have, how many, I have one more after tomorrow last.
John Leeker: one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This.
Timothy Sackton: One more after this I don't know if there's a spot, you can put anymore.
John Leeker: let's Fuck these orcs up.
Can we fit.
Mike Sackton: Why not yeah.
John Leeker: So okay.
Oh man okay.
John Leeker: I don't know how you manage eight.
Timothy Sackton: hours if it takes more than five minutes, they all disappeared, is the rule, you have to be really on top of your goals if you're going to summon eight creatures.
John Leeker: Oh shit okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So oh interesting.
John Leeker: Okay, so what's what's their damage role.
Timothy Sackton: I should have looked this up before you summon eight xp.
Mike Sackton: xp.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or two is that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When the N, plus two, plus.
John Leeker: So what's the commander Oldham.
Mike Sackton: And attack to let's see if you do slash role at 20.
Timothy Sackton: Only seven and I have things they can attack.
Mike Sackton: Just type slash role 7020 and then it'll just spill out like I just did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's awesome.
Nice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So.
i'll just.
Mike Sackton: Go.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): let's 1996.
Timothy Sackton: Again that's one.
Timothy Sackton: hats that's when Mrs this one, Mrs this one hats.
Timothy Sackton: This one hits this one.
Timothy Sackton: hits.
Timothy Sackton: it's one misses so roll.
Timothy Sackton: Roll damage for 123 against an orc.
John Leeker: And what's the role number.
Mike Sackton: To do for that Wednesday, eight.
Mike Sackton: it's one day, plus two right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're just rolled 3D eight plus six yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so three x beaks just trample this work here.
Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is amazing against the.
Timothy Sackton: Only one of them had.
Timothy Sackton: Only one of them hit this so one D eight plus two against this one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that answer cod's turn.
John Leeker: And we have an hour an hour so.
Eric Rosenbaum: kudos to teach them to do synchronized tricks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow.
Timothy Sackton: wow was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The most useful spell ever.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are those two guys.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are.
Mike Sackton: There more guys.
Timothy Sackton: So these are like jackal like creatures.
Timothy Sackton: um this one runs into the fire this one runs there and they're the ones are both going to attack.
Timothy Sackton: they're both gonna bite at.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Actually they're both going to one of them is gonna stare at seeker and you might have to make a wisdom saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: Oh geez, the other is going to start your card and you need to make a wisdom saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: The birth seeker you fall unconscious a fire.
Timothy Sackton: drill God nothing happens to you.
Timothy Sackton: And then, this one is going to run 12345 and stab this horse.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, they were a during that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where's this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Over on the right side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are alcohol.
Timothy Sackton: Doing three damage to the horse.
Timothy Sackton: That time and that will and it's turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: TIM I know we shouldn't spend all that time trying to figure out what to do next, but this is a little harsh to be.
Timothy Sackton: back to the two there's yeah these arcs are starting to freak out a little bit with this many xp but just some and.
Timothy Sackton: They are just gonna swing away with their great axes and see how nasty these are one of the missus the other does for damage.
Timothy Sackton: Which how many hit points do X speaks have.
Mike Sackton: 19.
Mike Sackton: maintain assuming assuming they're straight up stats.
Timothy Sackton: Generic yeah okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so that one's still find a now.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Seeing that there X attack seem to have not done much damage these two arcs are going to try to get out of here.
Timothy Sackton: yeah this one.
Timothy Sackton: This one will climb up so uh to xp get an attack of opportunity.
Mike Sackton: Roll to the 20.
Timothy Sackton: And this one will run away this way.
Mike Sackton: One of those presumably heads.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: First, one has.
Mike Sackton: The eight.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And you get an attack of opportunity against this one that's running away as well.
Timothy Sackton: And they're both going to dash into the darkness.
Mike Sackton: I said roll with the 20.
Timothy Sackton: year old the 20.
Timothy Sackton: kenza Europe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.
Mike Sackton: hey that'll work takes eight points today.
Timothy Sackton: yeah not that either.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm going to shoot my.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So can I shoot my my acid arrow at the at the thing at the what is this thing the jackal jackal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah can I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I shoot my arrow at that and then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess, I should just run up and fight it twice on.
Mike Sackton: I anticipate dying next turn if the two arcs both attack me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Mike Sackton: us a little support against the two nastiest creatures cuz cuz well be told me to be semi suicidal so I listened.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whatever happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: happens, but yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was well before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, also I guess the two X speaks to you can also find this thing once again.
Mike Sackton: yeah and the ax px after it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So can I shoot the shoot at once with my with my my arrow and then like run up the thing like run up the wall and then I jumped down.
there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Well, one to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My acrobatics and bringing jumping.
unveiled that.
Timothy Sackton: You could make it there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, when I get an attack as well.
Timothy Sackton: No, because you're wanting bond is an accident.
Mike Sackton: You can't get to attacks, but you could jump.
Mike Sackton: There, and just attack this guy or the day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, what about our horses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the next piece you're going to be enough to fight off the horse fight off.
Mike Sackton: I don't know Probably not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: deal with life is worth at least like two plus horses so.
Mike Sackton: Really so they're about to kill seeker who's asleep at the ground that they're bursting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: guys are convinced me okay So you see kenzo like Kansas kind of first over there on the side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like does like the craziest our core moves, you can possibly bucking imagine like Office like crazy jacket with side and there's literally like like blue shoe style like jumping from like crazy precipice like swinging.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, living in the south and then lands right in front of the mirror what what is this thing that's on top of it there.
Timothy Sackton: that's the Chair.
Timothy Sackton: that the other done mark.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah don't don't break the Chair.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well that's kind of where I have to be right, and then on the Chair.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can like.
Timothy Sackton: grace very like.
Timothy Sackton: Typically, the side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I do, that I do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, and then I will play this dude that's fighting that's like engage.
Timothy Sackton: Remember, you have all sorts of things you could.
Timothy Sackton: Do if you hit the ball.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, what are those things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What can I do let me, let me I get to attacks now right.
Mike Sackton: yep yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so i'm going to do.
Mike Sackton: You can stop.
Mike Sackton: Do you're studying thing that you did on that crazy on that guy.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Starting strike disorienting strike are frightening strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was exciting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: OK, I will I will do studying strike that's only if I hit.
Timothy Sackton: First, you gotta roll the hat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so let's roll core staff work.
Timothy Sackton: course the Apps or fist it's up to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I can, can I do quarter staff and then still use the studying strike.
Timothy Sackton: yep long as a monk weapon.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the orc that Mrs.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I can attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'll do that again.
Timothy Sackton: That hats.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And now, if I do stunning attack how's that work.
Timothy Sackton: You spent just spend the key.
Timothy Sackton: And it needs to roll a constitution saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, which it succeeds.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's.
Timothy Sackton: What do you have still your bonus action you can you can punch it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: punch it again.
Timothy Sackton: pets.
Timothy Sackton: And you can continue to attempt to stun it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll i'll try to send it again.
Timothy Sackton: Or you can try to yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm studying it prevents it from us acting.
Timothy Sackton: Right yep that's a 14 what's your.
Mike Sackton: I can, should be a fifth.
Timothy Sackton: Now it's pouring.
Timothy Sackton: down so it's because he doesn't have his he has a it's a he succeeds again.
Mike Sackton: kenza was only 14 DC.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: i'm here.
Timothy Sackton: i'm you can still flurry of blows if you spend another key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: much damage done so far.
Timothy Sackton: 36 and.
Mike Sackton: you've done 1717 quarter staff has two handed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah all they can kill it right so.
Mike Sackton: It took a fair bit of damage from Dallas.
Mike Sackton: took.
Mike Sackton: He took 14 damage from dealt with.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can always try and start it one more time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll try that one more time.
Mike Sackton: How much to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where you.
Mike Sackton: Were.
Where.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You might die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like if you talk to you right now right.
Mike Sackton: Well, I have 16 hit points.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And ended 30 damage.
Mike Sackton: That was a credit.
Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know I might.
Mike Sackton: try and stop it.
Timothy Sackton: Is that your last one for flurry one first done.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I said to spend two more key bought.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I keep man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like I need to save some.
Mike Sackton: You could save some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I doubt you're going to find out what i'm saying yeah but.
Mike Sackton: I should cast my dad defensive spell.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
wow the Europe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If I move down to squares will that allow the expertise to come over or is the temps like truly.
Timothy Sackton: depends on.
Timothy Sackton: If you want your tend to remain intact, after this battle, or not.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): don't care.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, then yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): right when you use a bonus action to disengage and move back.
Timothy Sackton: Wait can you use your reaction to move.
Timothy Sackton: around me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who is gonna kill.
rate killed.
Mike Sackton: Can I can that be somebody's job is to not leave a sleeping party member next to to jack away.
So.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it could be job don't get me wrong, but it should be somebody's job.
John Leeker: yeah I think I can.
John Leeker: I should be able to because my turns before they get a chance to move.
Mike Sackton: Correct yes.
John Leeker: I didn't attack them and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
John Leeker: And plus if we're out of the way I can send a xp in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think i'm better certainly getting out of the way to get the experts in.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Probably even just to soak up damage from them.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's right TIM, can I read on my reaction there to.
Timothy Sackton: that's fine it's been a while, since we've been a combat.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will.
Do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will take steady aim and shoot the guy that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): kenzo has been hitting.
Mike Sackton: dad pile into this guy he's probably.
Mike Sackton: Talking badly hurt him yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you can see, on the little.
Timothy Sackton: way out these little bars I don't know.
Mike Sackton: No, we can't see the buyers only the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Only, you can see.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, he is um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he's I mean he's starting to look a little bit bloodied.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): awesome man two levels of flaming straight from the bustling.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No that's not the red.
Timothy Sackton: Okay 21.
Timothy Sackton: or even with the partial cover from the 10th.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's what the 1770 little.
Timothy Sackton: off the fire damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): was no.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, your arrow strikes any staggers back like not expecting this blow, as you, you know aim around and then, as it burst into flame the fire is what kills him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, Nice.
Timothy Sackton: And that ends his turn now it is this one's turn he's already grabbed some treasure, looking around kind of dubious about this.
Timothy Sackton: about this domain.
Timothy Sackton: yeah and he's got leeches on him, he is going to run 1456.
Timothy Sackton: Which got the monkeys horse.
Timothy Sackton: And then kick the horse into action.
Timothy Sackton: we're just not going to be easy, because the wars, is not super happy about a pork jumping on its back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All i'm excited to chase after this or this work, what.
Timothy Sackton: Does manage to get the get the horse get mounted in settled.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: manages to basically knock over this jack aware and get to about there.
John Leeker: um what's faster a horse or an.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Accident so he gets.
Timothy Sackton: Are the things he gets sent.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To attacks of opportunity, right from the to xp.
Timothy Sackton: xp.
John Leeker: Attacks of opportunity, so he.
Mike Sackton: doesn't doesn't.
Timothy Sackton: Why does baxter who has slightly better than a normal xp.
Mike Sackton: He.
Mike Sackton: Just for his engage or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: And now he's using bonus action dash.
Timothy Sackton: How did.
Mike Sackton: That Kansas, you get an attack.
Timothy Sackton: No he wasn't your kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: He wasn't that wasn't the way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You I was I wasn't getting through the one next to you.
Mike Sackton: Yes, it is standing right here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now you use one away, he was engaged with that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): wasn't right there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): was here, no.
Timothy Sackton: He was here.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So he's got some of your loot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now i'm going to chase after him or.
Timothy Sackton: I know sprinting off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm going to fucking get this motherfucker.
John Leeker: So does this X there's one one of my.
Timothy Sackton: Colleagues girl you're speaking opportunity attacks that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then.
Wealth handle baxter.
Timothy Sackton: baxter Mrs so real your da.
John Leeker: guys to us to.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK, so that ends there turns where Raven is going to take up 50 feet straight into the air.
Timothy Sackton: vanishing into the darkness, also with some loot.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To a dance from.
Timothy Sackton: Getting to tax of opportunity.
Mike Sackton: 15 and 21.
Timothy Sackton: Those those both hat.
Timothy Sackton: So rory damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: birds bite and birds.
Timothy Sackton: So 16 damage not enough to kill it now, this one is completely lost in the darkness.
Timothy Sackton: Car is asleep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah it's a caricature say fly accurate.
Timothy Sackton: For God can't fly.
Timothy Sackton: could cast fly and chase after it if you wanted to.
Timothy Sackton: Do with.
Mike Sackton: Your test yet.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah it's dark vision your starfish and girls 60 feet right yeah it was just at the edge of your fish.
Mike Sackton: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's accurate.
Mike Sackton: i'm will know casting fly is going to take my action I think i'm better off just shooting it.
Timothy Sackton: i'm going to ask you could do that.
Mike Sackton: i'm gonna i'm gonna use a bonus action to move the hacks to it and then i'll just blast it.
Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then we have well these you are we can take it down.
Timothy Sackton: Nice.
Mike Sackton: So that is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: measure falls from the sky.
Mike Sackton: damage.
Timothy Sackton: Second.
Second boy yeah.
Mike Sackton: For damage that's kind of crap.
Timothy Sackton: That also has.
Timothy Sackton: Its I mean that definitely heard it as the to shadow we bought some for strikeout at for cod you're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, that was the Raven guy gonna hit.
Timothy Sackton: or the other guy That was the Raven guy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so where's that are about to kill seeker are still completely undamaged.
John Leeker: How I can't move there Okay, so your card moves here, he is going to pass lightning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To go.
John Leeker: Flying down to three, and also that last or because lightning goes.
Timothy Sackton: that's a wall right here can't go past the wall.
John Leeker: Oh OK.
John Leeker: So.
Timothy Sackton: Does lightning reflect on walls, I think that was the second edition thing.
Mike Sackton: Now it doesn't.
John Leeker: mean they're not me so me find the light.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The rule.
Eric Rosenbaum: My beer.
Timothy Sackton: But then they would also hit your car.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You need a lightning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feels like you're good.
Timothy Sackton: Ah Okay, they got to make Texas.
Timothy Sackton: So that's a 20.
Timothy Sackton: And a eight, so this one here dies as it fails that save.
Timothy Sackton: This one takes half damage so that's 10 does not you know it's definitely hurt but it's not yet.
John Leeker: Okay, so gotta move faster, so this one can it hot down here.
Timothy Sackton: can't fit in that little Canyon space.
John Leeker: Okay, so, then this one is going.
John Leeker: So, can you.
Mike Sackton: just go kick seeker and wake him up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well that's interesting I did.
Eric Rosenbaum: That.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah well yeah it takes a week yeah.
John Leeker: OK, so this.
Solid.
Mike Sackton: Yet just get kicked in the head fight okay now.
John Leeker: And only one xp can fit in this area, correct.
Mike Sackton: In the other should go after these two running away or is.
John Leeker: Probably okay so let's do that so we'll go this one goes to that one.
John Leeker: yeah this one goes to that one so i'll do those two out wants to be fast.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is so awesome you can summon eight X speaks for an hour.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's This is like.
John Leeker: And then.
John Leeker: d eight plus to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your Chi is nasty.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Keep it so.
John Leeker: that's these two have gone and then i'll just i'll just do it again because I can't really fit anymore in here can fit one in here I guess.
Timothy Sackton: You can fit one.
John Leeker: right there okay so i'll do.
Timothy Sackton: That why you.
John Leeker: got it so this one will go and kick.
John Leeker: And wake him up.
Timothy Sackton: I want to see you here.
Timothy Sackton: Come to come awake.
Timothy Sackton: lying prone on the ground, having just had this weird dream about turning into a.
Timothy Sackton: Hyena or a jackal.
John Leeker: And then for.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just 12 hit.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
John Leeker: And not too useful.
John Leeker: And then I have range of 50 feet damn it I can't get that one, so this one goes and pecks Adam off the horse can do that.
Timothy Sackton: yeah this one can get there.
OK.
John Leeker: nope.
Miss.
John Leeker: This one had here.
John Leeker: Okay yeah he got sort of navigate around.
John Leeker: There yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that Mrs.
John Leeker: I think that's all in these to appear can't do anything.
Timothy Sackton: I mean they could jump down back here.
John Leeker: Okay yeah so they they hop down here to stop anything I mean.
Timothy Sackton: that's like 1015 foot fall, but they can jump down.
John Leeker: Okay, I think that's all my.
Timothy Sackton: guys so.
Timothy Sackton: This jack.
Timothy Sackton: were here is going to.
Timothy Sackton: run 123412345 scrambling past these rocks.
Timothy Sackton: six.
Timothy Sackton: Five I guess i'll stop there, and take a swing at this xp.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, it will.
Timothy Sackton: gaze at it and the enrolled he just rolled the 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no.
Timothy Sackton: No xp is fine.
Timothy Sackton: That what I did turn this one.
Timothy Sackton: is going to.
Timothy Sackton: kind of pissed at seeker.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: not really strong enough to carry you away, unfortunately, he will bite you with advantage because you are prone but, despite your non existent Armor class he's still manages to mess.
Timothy Sackton: So that he's gonna be like forget this, and run want can't get it out that way 12345 secs to there.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that will end his turn.
Timothy Sackton: So the arcs.
Timothy Sackton: These arcs are both pretty badly wounded they're going to try and run away but eventually the X peaks are going to chase them down and kill them so i'm going to just delete all of those.
Timothy Sackton: kenza Europe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so here's a question I want to chase is this that all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The terrain features, this is like a like going down right, like all this rugged stuff around the horses.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can run through this like horse and kampmann pretty easily.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I mean like can I jump onto a horse and ride it down like FAB lab or ride a horse like over here there's that line.
Timothy Sackton: know you can't ride a horse over there.
Timothy Sackton: But the only way the only exit for a horse, is where the where the xp is here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it okay.
Timothy Sackton: that's the only place, you can get the worst is through.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, and because I would like to chase how how badly wounded was the dude on the on the horse.
Timothy Sackton: He is he was you know it looked a little bloodied not like at death's door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On can I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: visit like like if I like jump on this force, am I am I unable to navigate the horse around the X beats and stuff like it's like I can't actually chase after it.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's gonna be slow going, because every time it has to pass pass those that Councils, difficult terrain when it's squeezing into these spaces around its allies.
John Leeker: But pretty jump on one of the ax px.
Timothy Sackton: You could try.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the xp is you're going to be waste a lot of the horses all right.
Timothy Sackton: Now they're about the same speed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I didn't really.
Timothy Sackton: Horses might be like 10 feet faster 10 feet per round faster.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): xp movies fish.
Timothy Sackton: or says, our.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: party party.
Timothy Sackton: Horses are slightly faster than the.
Mike Sackton: Prices are 60.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So party collective intelligence, I do have that acid one was like wasn't just like a 90 foot range, so I could like run to the editor this clearing and like shoot some arrows at it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or, I could run over and try to hop onto one of the attributes to chase after it, but then what after the lead role in handling or something to figure out if I.
Mike Sackton: I would get on a can you mount a horse and then shoot it while you're on the horse and then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Last.
Mike Sackton: One for run shooting from the horse, because once you're once you're on a horse I guess.
Mike Sackton: yeah you should be able to get on to this horse, but instead of moving shoot it from the horse.
Mike Sackton: I like that, and you can at least.
Mike Sackton: Keep in you can keep you'll be a better position to keep up with it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like that plan alright So you see turns out live on a run over do like an acrobatic flip like a right onto the right onto the horse as the pulls the acid ones like out from the back of his that strap on those back and shoots and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Open acid.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did it on the horse and.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that misses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It still takes half damage, so what I did I go.
Timothy Sackton: Now he just takes half damage so 11 divided by two so we take five damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the 11 in the six.
Timothy Sackton: It does.
Timothy Sackton: The if you hit it does 11 this turn and sticks at the end of his next turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I get to attack, so I can I can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shoot out you're.
Timothy Sackton: Not worthy that you're casting a spell you're not attacking yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, and then I guess tonight bonus action souls Clinton.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're having a.
Timothy Sackton: Hard yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll do, that is.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's I guess there's still a drift clubs sitting right here so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My key points.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: No soul site gives you i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: focused on it and it tells me once I.
Timothy Sackton: Know you're aware of its basic remote emotional state it's like it's level and its highest the most ability scores.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see okay.
Timothy Sackton: You can spend a key to.
Timothy Sackton: Learn it's resistance is immunities and vulnerabilities.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will do that I can't have a plan have a plan of fish.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And shoot me.
Timothy Sackton: Know cuz you are used you're.
Timothy Sackton: going to use your actually use your actions to cast the spell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Mike Sackton: All right, you're probably just done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: All right, you can sell side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay i'll sudden then.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so he.
Timothy Sackton: So he's he's like Level three basically equivalent to level three not super strong.
Timothy Sackton: And you know kind of angry and ready to run.
Timothy Sackton: But happy he managed to get something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For now.
Timothy Sackton: yep so now it's his turn and he is dashing so it moves 120 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Will completely out of anybody site.
Timothy Sackton: what's somewhere in the darkness.
Timothy Sackton: it's dark out it's nighttime.
Mike Sackton: You go after him but it might be tricked.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On doubling going after him.
Timothy Sackton: So he's off the map you don't know where yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, X doesn't get attacked by the xp when he.
Timothy Sackton: When he does, but he's got enough hit points the xp is has no way of killing so.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well i'll be Europe.
Timothy Sackton: Or you can see, really at this.
Timothy Sackton: Point is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Guy in this.
Timothy Sackton: One jack aware that's running away in.
Timothy Sackton: This this jacket were lit up in the in the light of the drift Globe that's over there.
Timothy Sackton: that's 90 feet away this one is 45 feet away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I see going the sky is lost in the dark.
Timothy Sackton: lost in the dark he's 50 feet up so you can't you don't have dark vision you can't see him down with can still see him.
Timothy Sackton: At the moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm like I can see.
Timothy Sackton: I see secret can see him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): here's what i'm doing i'm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Between.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cutting action move taking the dash action as a total of 75 feet of movement so i'm going to come here and then mount baxter with my remaining.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And the tourney yeah mounted on him and then i'm going after that other guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: don't do it.
Mike Sackton: If you do a cutting action to get a bonus move and take dash you can take a third move.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah so I use, I have a 25 foot move I use.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 1615.
Mike Sackton: You only have a 25 foot move.
Mike Sackton: So you need all three to get 75.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, so.
Timothy Sackton: Were rated dream is another hundred feet into the sky out of everybody site.
Mike Sackton: Not for long.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the and cancel our.
Timothy Sackton: speaker you're up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The funnest the little ride.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I could see the Raven anymore so true.
Timothy Sackton: The only thing you can see right now yeah is is the jock aware.
Timothy Sackton: Here, and this.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm going to try to get.
Eric Rosenbaum: To toss the what's that stuff called.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's this bag of stinky foreign seeds.
Mike Sackton: I don't use those.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, why not.
Mike Sackton: The ones that create the evil forest in front of actresses.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, they just make nasty thorns.
it'll start.
Eric Rosenbaum: it'll make difficult terrain it'll stop the guy from running away.
Mike Sackton: and storing seed back.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: Oh you're doing the alternate version, where it can be thrown 60 feet and as the effect of spy Chris.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah i'm not making a giant for US dollars.
Mike Sackton: yeah okay I didn't realize what I first I didn't read as far as the alternate.
Mike Sackton: I thought, all it did was made an evil forest.
Timothy Sackton: 60 feet is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or you could throw it there yeah i'll just throw it out in front of him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so it's like he's in the range and if he wants to run away, he has to run through it and so.
yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah it's just like one of the seeds basically right.
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay she's yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: 299.
Timothy Sackton: I know you have three.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait what.
Timothy Sackton: It contains three seeds.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was 300 seats.
Mike Sackton: 300 feet.
Timothy Sackton: curse for 300 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I said it right there's those.
Mike Sackton: I wouldn't use it to get this Jacqueline who doesn't even have any treasure I don't think that's worth it.
Eric Rosenbaum: OK OK.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can cast like quicksand instead.
Timothy Sackton: Well, do something.
Timothy Sackton: I cast your next.
Timothy Sackton: Venture cod.
Mike Sackton: So here's the question everybody.
Mike Sackton: I could fly I can move 60 and see 60.
Timothy Sackton: succeeds on a savings.
Mike Sackton: Or, I could create my shadow creature, which can move 60 see 120.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, to find that.
Mike Sackton: yeah and I could create it 90 feet up to, so it would totally be able to find that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are gonna go from you as.
infinite.
John Leeker: How far is it in the air, the the Raven animal we.
Timothy Sackton: don't know about a high.
Mike Sackton: 50 feet.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: I mean, if I can fly I just i'm not sure I could catch it.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to summit okay.
Mike Sackton: that's Okay, though directly above me 90 feet up i'm going to summon my shadow cream shadow fly.
Mike Sackton: May tell it to hunt down the Raven and then return on down and Raven and.
Mike Sackton: treasure collect the treasure hunt and kill the Raven bring this stuff back to.
Mike Sackton: Our guy presumably see the Raven because.
Mike Sackton: yeah he's not.
Timothy Sackton: Right, what does move.
Mike Sackton: it's moving 60.
Timothy Sackton: wow pretty good Okay, so it will eventually on down and killed us Raven with hundred 20 foot darks speed and 60 feet move it.
Mike Sackton: It also by.
Mike Sackton: And it can take a bonus action hide in darkness so it's going to be invisible hiding.
Mike Sackton: yeah Sasha up to the thing attack it get out of range.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Car wow powerful.
John Leeker: Okay, so these two.
Mike Sackton: are good i'm sorry i'm also just gonna run over towards the you go ahead, but i'm just gonna get over here.
Mike Sackton: I can actually get there, I think.
John Leeker: Okay, oh.
Mike Sackton: Is that going to make.
Timothy Sackton: A mess.
John Leeker: Okay um these two will attack that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: wow i'm gonna if you want.
Timothy Sackton: If you have any chance of catching this work that ran away, they better clear out.
Timothy Sackton: Right now kenzo and while we can't.
John Leeker: easily get oh yeah sure.
John Leeker: Okay, so yeah so they both I give them commands and they hop out of the way here we go I want gets out of the way over here to still kind of protect the interests and then the other one.
John Leeker: POPs out of the way there yep so that's taking care of those to miss um does anybody need healing that I can, yes, yes.
Where I ran away.
John Leeker: Oh.
John Leeker: Okay, you can't reach him as anybody else yeah.
John Leeker: it's like a nobody needs healing.
Timothy Sackton: You can't you could reach Now you can reach him because of the train.
John Leeker: Oh.
John Leeker: Okay, so, then I.
John Leeker: I don't have anything else to do.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
John Leeker: yeah so.
John Leeker: Okay, now it is.
Timothy Sackton: Now it's their turn, but this jack aware, but it's just before it runs away it's just going to turn around and take a shot at you.
Timothy Sackton: Right, which is the 13.
Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: what's your decks.
Mike Sackton: I have my shield.
Timothy Sackton: Or you have your shield that's right Okay, then he's going to just turn them around.
Mike Sackton: um i'll get an attack of opportunity if he's running away from me.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I know.
Mike Sackton: And i'm i'm hexing him, but if I kill him I get back hit points.
Timothy Sackton: Wait how are you can't.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no i'm using my exploits curse, which is a bonus action.
Timothy Sackton: But it's not your turn it says.
Mike Sackton: No, no, on my turn I.
Mike Sackton: didn't want to interrupt john but.
Timothy Sackton: Right right.
Mike Sackton: I didn't use my bonus action in my chair.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so make your attack of opportunity.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Powerful.
Mike Sackton: Add three to that.
Timothy Sackton: Does not quite kill them.
Mike Sackton: Well i'm going to chase them.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, Okay, so at this point i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Between deckard and the xp this this one will eventually be hunted down wow actually the xp can't really hurt him.
Mike Sackton: Which one.
Timothy Sackton: The xp can't actually hurt.
Timothy Sackton: jackal where's um.
Timothy Sackton: So he's gonna run.
Timothy Sackton: into the darkness this way jump jumping off the cliff next to the X week and then you don't know where he's gone it's been.
Mike Sackton: How long does it take my shadow to kill the.
Mike Sackton: Guy.
Mike Sackton: yeah Okay, I want to send it off this direction when it comes back and last for an hour.
Timothy Sackton: So, at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: At the moment, ah down with is chasing down this jack where and will eventually within a Turner to catch up to him and kill him.
Timothy Sackton: So he's he's dead.
Timothy Sackton: So you get your hip points back i'm.
Timothy Sackton: seeker and and you know now about 1015 seconds later your shadow well it's going to take a little bit longer because it's also recovering the treasure so say it's like three or four turns later your shadow returns.
Timothy Sackton: seeker and well being you are riding off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: into the dark and ends up.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry kenzo and while you are riding off into the dark on your mounts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It says.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: keen sense of hearing.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: sounds writing into the darkness.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, which direction are you writing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm listening i'm listening for the the the horse.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a perception check.
Timothy Sackton: don't hear anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You should make a perception check to all the security that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well yeah I was just thinking it's.
Like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah okay so perception check TIM, can I can we just treat it as if the two of us are acting simultaneously like yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah i'm also as soon as the shadow creature comes back to him i'm going to send it off in that direction.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah well i'll be.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to fly a scout pattern and look for the creature they're chasing and then start shouting very loudly the bad guy is here.
Timothy Sackton: It can't talk.
Mike Sackton: It can make a noise.
Mike Sackton: that's a good question.
Timothy Sackton: it's made entirely out of shadow i'm not sure that it can make noise.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think it can screech.
John Leeker: dropped coins.
Timothy Sackton: stuff like I mean yes there's.
Timothy Sackton: Ways it could make sounds.
Mike Sackton: yeah it's gonna try to weed them.
Mike Sackton: To I mean it can take the form of an animal.
Mike Sackton: I think it should be able to make animal noises right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we might not need to do this because because well the lobby is now made a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perception check that should enable it to.
Timothy Sackton: know where the question, so I mean ah you do so, you hear in the distance a slight Winnie and a thought.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe.
Timothy Sackton: hundred the East.
Timothy Sackton: Like saying this is East maybe East northeast like sort of roughly in this direction.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A third of courses or a third of someone falling down spontaneously did.
Timothy Sackton: That thought of a horse.
Timothy Sackton: that's falling down.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): falling down yeah.
Mike Sackton: We kept the horse.
Timothy Sackton: likes.
The horse.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So while we do you say like like let's go this way like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah I think what i'm going to do is we'll go that way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): whoo hey pilot.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And can we get.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah well we'll go there and we can move.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 100 so so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And i've got my trip well about 10 the whole time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Getting.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: They both begin galloping off into the dark i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Both of you make another perception check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What i'd like to do is shoot mounted if possible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: same.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): nice to have them but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh Fuck yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No that's that is a natural.
Timothy Sackton: yeah That is another one um.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: You you write you write up well it's a bit tricky for you to.
Timothy Sackton: So you do manage to you know galloping off in this direction, like just listening paying attention to the sounds.
Timothy Sackton: You soon come across.
Timothy Sackton: A horse, with its throat slit.
Timothy Sackton: And otherwise.
Timothy Sackton: things seem pretty quiet actually at the moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The 20th perception didn't reveal yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you found the horse.
Timothy Sackton: See you have a light that's shining, for you know 40 feet or 20 feet in every direction from you that is like a.
Timothy Sackton: Huge beacon that says, we are here, avoid.
Timothy Sackton: And you cannot see beyond that 20 feet, because it's.
Timothy Sackton: dark.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or their tracks going off in some particular direction on flip.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: You can yeah you can stop to look.
Mike Sackton: How far out are they.
Timothy Sackton: There now maybe 200 feet out at this point, your your shadow bs comes back with its with dropping the treasure that that i'm.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to tell it to go find well kenzo.
Mike Sackton: And obey whatever commands he gives it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wow it.
Mike Sackton: says that obey my commands like and it'll be somebody else's.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: It speaks and understands.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Mike Sackton: um and then i'm going to go see if the halfway is okay.
Mike Sackton: And I suggest somebody heels.
John Leeker: Yes, I didn't.
John Leeker: It I can feel.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to make sure the other guy has not run off to make sure that nobody stole the statue of the Chairperson.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody nobody, it seems like they were after what's missing is like the silver bars and some of the more obvious gems.
Timothy Sackton: Like after coin, not necessarily matter.
Mike Sackton: Anyway, i'm gonna try and make sure that our two people are like not running away in a panic or.
Timothy Sackton: Otherwise yeah though the yes okay.
John Leeker: So your card guys still have the xp moves them all to like the choke points, just in case something else happens so all the truck points are covered, and he begins healing and tending towards the halfway that's it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You need.
Mike Sackton: To horses that.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: Cancer rode a horse.
Timothy Sackton: You have four horses in that and an x.
Mike Sackton: Okay right and and one horses dad and one horses written off, but we're only only one horses actually we only lost one.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And when are you choreographing the Flash mob.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So so okay so over you know the shadow Hawk appears, and you know.
Timothy Sackton: looks at you you've seen this before.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um yeah I tell I tell it to go wait a minute hold it couldn't hold like there's, how does the drift blimp work.
Timothy Sackton: It it just stays there, unless you carry it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, the shadow guy can't see it can carry that carrier flow.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't have hands.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On yeah I tell it to go I tell it to go find the I tell it to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: find the orc and lead us to it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um so.
Timothy Sackton: The desert here is pretty.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you know.
Timothy Sackton: rugged terrain right like you're you've galloped across an open spot and and the place where the Ark has killed is in another sort of area where there's a bunch of broken Kenyans and rocks.
Timothy Sackton: So the shadow beast make a perception check for the shadow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I use my own perception or additional money.
Mike Sackton: Now it's.
Mike Sackton: I can roll it's perception is not fantastic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Except for right now, when you go a.
Mike Sackton: 14.
Timothy Sackton: It spends a good like 2030 minutes criss crossing the desert here.
Timothy Sackton: Without any sign of this org.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We can track in the morning but it's lust tonight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Mike Sackton: It bothers me that these folks all seem to have no me we're here.
John Leeker: Are they watching us.
Mike Sackton: I mean there are kind of henchmen clearly but where did they come from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I wonder if there are tuned to some of the treasure like if the treasure itself is is tagged or.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Research the buddies three Turner anything.
Timothy Sackton: mom.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, not nothing really just weapons and Armor there's no no food no coin no treasure really.
Timothy Sackton: You like little trinkets.
Mike Sackton: Any sign really caring.
Mike Sackton: yeah that's what I was gonna ask.
Timothy Sackton: No water.
Mike Sackton: So they couldn't have come from farming works are.
Mike Sackton: Happy have to eat drink.
yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: They live in here and besuited.
John Leeker: Maybe tomorrow morning, we look, we follow their trails out.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah if we can find where they came from.
John Leeker: I have.
John Leeker: Many experienced tracking.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think a number of us do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We figure out what the article.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I was just marking that took 12 of the silver ingots and small silver snuffbox and lead with flicks back at.
Mike Sackton: Those after money.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was the last thing that i'll.
Timothy Sackton: know it didn't take anything magical.
John Leeker: Oh, what did the bird Raven have any what What did it take I know we got it back, but what did we rescue from it was it.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: trick or just the money as well awesome money.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The more more bars of silver and.
that's.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I think just silver is what that duck.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now the Raven creature is kind of a news saying isn't it, we have not come across something like that for.
Timothy Sackton: Note you haven't.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you reconvene and camp.
Timothy Sackton: To create creatures haven't gotten away one jack aware and one work on a now dead horse.
Timothy Sackton: Get patched up seems kind of taken aback and it's like.
Timothy Sackton: That stuff is cursed.
Timothy Sackton: that's what it is that stuff is cursed.
Where.
Eric Rosenbaum: were those guys working for I get to even after she died.
John Leeker: He seen just to be greedy.
John Leeker: They wanted the money not us, not the artifacts.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What been works for them where they are going to spend that the heflin talks about before or.
Timothy Sackton: die yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: wonder where they were their base.
Eric Rosenbaum: And why this Raven creature.
Eric Rosenbaum: travels with them and the jackal where's.
John Leeker: Is it common for orcs to work with other creatures.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you have very little experience yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean yeah like dealt with you, I mean it's not out of the question it's not like super common.
Timothy Sackton: But it certainly happens like there are especially when they're in the service of some other creature they'll often.
Timothy Sackton: Make packs with other.
Timothy Sackton: beings.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
Mike Sackton: I think they must have come from nearby.
Mike Sackton: I think we got a question is, are there more out there.
John Leeker: I think we should track them in the morning because we have a long.
John Leeker: Road back.
John Leeker: We first have to still deal with the House, and then we have to make it back with.
John Leeker: The injured, the sick, the magical items and the loot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But sure I feel like going back to that house right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: than a horse.
Mike Sackton: A horse is not going to help us.
understand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You like to try to get as far away from here as quickly as we can come back later.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You come back and boy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We all go back to together, the police, with the guys going out with the mirror and then we come back and burn it.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can have the center's clean up I get to where.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They might enjoy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, we have the sending scroll we could call for help, we could ask have Dar and company to come South has become door.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Given those to spit in the works, as you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: It could be more that could be more.
Mike Sackton: It is not far where we cashed food and water.
Timothy Sackton: that's about 10 miles.
John Leeker: Do we fortify this location and wait for the stars to come or we've out concerned or worried.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm not concerned.
Mike Sackton: Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel like we get a good night's sleep it along rust I think we can take you can take anything without all that will come meet us, but we all travel together.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We stick together will make it back into town no problem.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you only need to get about halfway between terroir Ambassador before you'll get within the protection of Chicago.
John Leeker: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it hasn't got it hasn't reached all the way to buy student yet.
Timothy Sackton: This is not quite that I get to his house does not quite this far south of map it's not entirely accurate.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And we get within the protection within a day.
Timothy Sackton: So you're about 10 miles south of Boston and then it's about 20 it's about 35 miles.
Timothy Sackton: So no not unless you either leave behind a bunch of stuff feel left behind all this stuff put people on double mounted horses and road as hard as you could.
Timothy Sackton: you'd have a chance.
Mike Sackton: here's what we do we go back to pass through to where we hid some food and water we replace our cash of food and water with most of the treasure.
Mike Sackton: Hidden somewhere ambassador, I think we want to keep any of the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Particularly yeah.
Mike Sackton: magical items, but otherwise, and maybe we keep some coin, or some of the more valuable items, but actually it would prove garrett's theory right if we come back in two days and the places swarming with creatures.
Mike Sackton: The treasures cursed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But also the treasure.
Mike Sackton: era yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Take the mirror and then the treasure, we can have you know seeker build like i'm pretty.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: earthen contraption of some kind of story at all.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think we bury it somewhere Ambassador hide it in the ruins right like finding a hiding spot in the ruins isn't and then, once we've dumped all the stuff and bass studio and reclaim their food and water we ride as fast as we can for the protection of Chicago.
John Leeker: Do we need to worry about any surviving works falling us watching us buried treasure, should we try to quickly see it's a trial leads them anywhere close in the morning.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps, yes, perhaps.
Mike Sackton: In the early morning.
Mike Sackton: We should.
John Leeker: quickly investigate we make sure they're not nearby yeah we don't need to hunt them to the ends of the earth.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What if we.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, we haven't talked as a group, much about money.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What if we hide the treasure invested and leave it there for half darn company, I have no use for.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Dozens of pounds of silver.
Mike Sackton: Agreed, I also have no use for dozens of pounds itself.
John Leeker: My village could use it.
Mike Sackton: But CARA.
John Leeker: CARA what could use it use it more.
Mike Sackton: Of a claim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think it should go to Kerala.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we were turning to care about have it up and hayden the rebuilt, I mean that's just decimated.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, but I agree with you Sasha temporarily ended in best suited and then come back and get it after we've dealt with the mirror and you know restored our Chair, you know restored the people, etc.
Mike Sackton: I will say taking it off loose coin to.
Mike Sackton: make our way safely to toe cry and beyond may be worth it worthwhile.
Mike Sackton: agree but that's a small portion.
Mike Sackton: Of treasure.
Eric Rosenbaum: will take some money.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Shall we do it.
yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you reset your alarm.
Timothy Sackton: and continue to rest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was we prepare the treasure for you go to sleep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We should fortify.
Mike Sackton: This place yeah a little bit of fortification I have a question to him given elves don't actually sleep.
Mike Sackton: yeah yes stand around in a trance 30 actual disadvantage and doing so in Armor.
Timothy Sackton: um that's a good question I haven't thought about that.
Mike Sackton: It seems like the kind of thing that although you wouldn't do it by habit because maybe it's less comfortable right but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In certain situations like.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Normally normally if you sleep in Armor basically like you have to make a con save for you take a point of exhaustion.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: there's it's something like that um.
Mike Sackton: The actual rule, I found was that if you sleep in Armor you don't get you only get back a quarter of your.
Timothy Sackton: Oh that'll get back hit days.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: Basically.
Timothy Sackton: Right that's there is a rule and.
Timothy Sackton: That rule I was trying to remember.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: You don't reduce your exhaustion.
Timothy Sackton: Right you don't recover exhaustion and you.
Timothy Sackton: You don't recover exact so normally if you sleep in.
Timothy Sackton: Armor you don't recover exhaustion and you.
Timothy Sackton: don't you regain not all of your head race.
Timothy Sackton: I think I think you certainly but I mean.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think I would.
Timothy Sackton: Usually for realism purposes, I would make it if you continually sleeping.
Timothy Sackton: It gets worse right.
Timothy Sackton: For a couple of days you could transcend Armor without too much consequence.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we fortify the campsite right like you plug up all the fucking holes we like make sure that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're all stored we fucking you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): don't let the fire.
Mike Sackton: yeah no fire.
Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We should cover instead of having tense, can we like string that together to make a tarp so that were hidden from the air as best as possible.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep when they did get trampled by backstroke ones.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you're you're tense aren't pretty rough shape.
John Leeker: there's xp shit everywhere.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: So, by the time you managed to.
Timothy Sackton: Do all of this it's like it's like you know pushing midnight.
Timothy Sackton: And you finally settle in for a rest again.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: willing to shift.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Worst night ever.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Also, can you simply alarms for their from us so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That we.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): have more than like three and a half seconds.
John Leeker: Here, to my alarm certain you 20 feet from me.
Timothy Sackton: Now now.
Timothy Sackton: You can set them fairly far away it's just they they can't be a huge area right it's been.
Timothy Sackton: 20 foot.
Mike Sackton: area to.
area.
Timothy Sackton: Anyway, it's about midnight, when you finally get back to sleep and you sleep until like eight eight in the morning, like like in a little bit in order to get your long rest recover.
Mike Sackton: Well, and waiting get up for our after four hours.
Mike Sackton: And poke around looking at the tracks.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so down with is searching looking at tracks in the early morning light.
So make a survival check.
Timothy Sackton: So you aren't you.
Timothy Sackton: You do find I mean it's easy to find the dead horse and the tracks lead into this sort of stone Canyon area.
Timothy Sackton: it's difficult to track in on bare stone.
Timothy Sackton: So once it gets into the Canyon area it's sort of hard to parse exactly but you do find a sort of hollowed out like overhang basically that has a little shallow indentation like this, where clearly somebody's head for a while.
Timothy Sackton: And at that point it's sort of hard to tell exactly but.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: You you sort of get the sense that tracks head South like towards a goddess house.
Mike Sackton: What about the art of the five or the four orcs we hunted down any idea can I see where they came from.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so sorry that's you lose the trail of the, the one that was hiding you can't.
Timothy Sackton: Tell where it went from its hiding place, but the the group the whole group together can't seem to come from a goddess.
Timothy Sackton: So that the inbound tracks are coming from the south.
Mike Sackton: So, remember that creepy hell that we were like what's not going near the creepy dark hill it's probably full of monsters.
Eric Rosenbaum: hills that like.
Timothy Sackton: Like 8090 I mean it was like 40 feet tall, and like.
Timothy Sackton: 80 feet across maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: So could have contained a whole underground bunker or whatever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I forgot it.
John Leeker: Is it like it was like a mound more than a hill possibly.
Timothy Sackton: I mean there's like a big stone and then there's sort of.
Timothy Sackton: earth piled on top of a big.
Timothy Sackton: stone, but it also had like like shadows clinging to it and.
Mike Sackton: I was like.
Mike Sackton: But it could also be a portal to audiences like you know what all creepy fade dimension, where she keeps her army.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She is fake.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that must be a portal nearby.
Mike Sackton: wow she could have come from the portal, we know about.
Mike Sackton: And made her way South right.
Mike Sackton: But I mean she could have another hundred orcs hiding in her little other dimension.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We asked a half link here it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Was.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To see you.
Timothy Sackton: It was.
Timothy Sackton: Always covered in shadow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and full monsters.
Mike Sackton: let's ask the gods if leaving the House on district go back to the original plan that we were.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There we go on, whereas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This morning, yes, oh my God help us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): was covered in shadow.
John Leeker: All right, what.
Mike Sackton: You want to ask your gods or eight your spirits, or whoever it is you ask if leaving the House on destroyed will lead to well.
John Leeker: So the crowd so it's down.
John Leeker: The tunes to the earth, the tunes to nature and ask, should we leave the House as as or should we return to destroy it.
John Leeker: or bury it or otherwise make it accessible.
Timothy Sackton: So it's just a yes or no question.
Timothy Sackton: it's that you have to describe a specific course of action.
John Leeker: Is it good to leave the House, as is.
Mike Sackton: I would say, will it be bad.
John Leeker: If we leave, we will be back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To the House as.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I would say, would it be better to leave the House, as is that to go back and destroy is going to be probably gonna be bad under all.
Timothy Sackton: Circumstances well what the way it works with you.
say.
Timothy Sackton: We are thinking about turning south.
Timothy Sackton: Turning to the House.
Timothy Sackton: and destroy and then you get either good or bad both good and bad or neither.
Mike Sackton: Not I think we should say.
Mike Sackton: We are thinking of leaving this area as quickly as possible and going to bass Udo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah I agree.
Mike Sackton: turning our backs on the House and never walk yes.
John Leeker: We are, yes, we are, is it we are thinking of leaving as soon as we can and returning to the city.
John Leeker: Is that and never know that.
Mike Sackton: they're not looking back right now.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't even take that.
Timothy Sackton: Does the the spell does not give you a like infinite look into the future.
Mike Sackton: Right right right.
Timothy Sackton: So so you're just saying, leaving so it's something that'll happen in three days, if you leave.
Timothy Sackton: yeah no I.
John Leeker: got it.
John Leeker: Sorry, I cast that spell.
Timothy Sackton: So okay so say again what So what is the course of action you're describing.
Mike Sackton: So maybe if it's an immediate bad thing only, we should say we're going to destroy that.
John Leeker: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If it's a reference the House.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the question questions it's somehow something to do but.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think if it's.
Mike Sackton: If it's not going to tell us if, like evil creatures will come out of here in three months right if it won't know.
Mike Sackton: What probably better off saying we're going to go destroy the House.
Mike Sackton: burn is that.
John Leeker: Is that.
Mike Sackton: Good bad right.
John Leeker: Exactly we're thinking of destroying the House is that going.
John Leeker: To be a course of action that is good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe specified for us.
Mike Sackton: You get to it right.
Mike Sackton: that's just.
Timothy Sackton: way more powerful than it is right, just describe a specific course of action.
Timothy Sackton: You don't get to your question.
John Leeker: We are thinking of returning to the House to make it inaccessible to other people and destroy it.
Timothy Sackton: So you concentrate for a moment and you get this sense almost have like the earth.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of.
Timothy Sackton: The earth kind of balanced on an edge like this could be bad, this could be good, it could be both good and bad.
Timothy Sackton: Basically it's both good and bad.
Timothy Sackton: As the response.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That means, I think, good for us to destroy it, but if we go there and try to destroy it, but.
Mike Sackton: I think that's exactly what it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: says TIM, is he drinks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think that need to refer.
Mike Sackton: To this, as the vanguard there's 100 more options there, but it would certainly be good if he killed them.
John Leeker: They could.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We need it, we should come back with the fucking centaurs and, like all the squad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And fucking destroy the House like with everybody with like fucking the whole power of you know all the homeless.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That will be putting views that we we definitely are responsible people that we rescued before we're responsible for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A green.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: light.
Mike Sackton: This was supposed to be what adventure, how did you guys do five sessions of the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: damn house.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now we have to ride back with the centaurs and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: everybody else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like a crazy more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: army that.
Eric Rosenbaum: will use the sector to raise an army.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have some cash now to spend for mercenaries.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: told me the receptor.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, we just go back, we already have an army, they just don't know there are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly dorks seriously in all seriousness, why don't we like I was i've been thinking a lot about this like I like the Meta aspect of this like what are our values, as a group, like really like what what do we care about what what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We really care about.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We should.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not care about fucking moving target right, because if we really put our minds to it, we can just toggle we've got all the ingredients.
Eric Rosenbaum: At the very least appoint will be right flicking of Denmark.
that's.
Timothy Sackton: shut out this conversation in character.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah okay.
Timothy Sackton: So, as the morning.
Timothy Sackton: Your pack your deep you're packing up somewhat reduced in.
Timothy Sackton: number of courses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we execute.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so you're going to write you're going to travel slowly the like eight miles the basket and which is going to take you.
Timothy Sackton: You know a good a good.
Timothy Sackton: Like three four hours, probably till like lunchtime, you know with everything loaded up with the.
Timothy Sackton: I mean the donmar he basically has to ride there's.
Timothy Sackton: No like.
Timothy Sackton: Obviously he's not walking right so um so it takes you till about noon.
Timothy Sackton: To slowly make your way through the desert to bathroom.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's it's same as it was doesn't seem to have changed in the 24 hours that you've been gone still you know bruin.
Timothy Sackton: village still empty and quiet no sign of anything in the sky.
Timothy Sackton: Hot.
Timothy Sackton: Another hot day it's that time of the summer, when everybody is just eagerly wait everything's dry and dusty and everybody's eagerly waiting the the thunderstorms in the summer rains that will come in a month or two.
Timothy Sackton: And as you arrive at bass due to Garrett tealeaf looks like his his face falls slightly.
Timothy Sackton: I need looks kind of shocked.
Timothy Sackton: He turns and he says.
Timothy Sackton: What happened.
Mike Sackton: Is there's some history that we don't know about basketball.
Timothy Sackton: I mean until.
Timothy Sackton: Three months ago it was like a perfectly nice village that.
Mike Sackton: Train oh I forgot.
Mike Sackton: I forgot best suited got ruined in the wars.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's right and the refugees will want to care will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: explain what happened yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we stash a bunch of money here, take the food and water.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How far is it from here to Chicago protection.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know exactly, but your gas is about 25 miles.
Timothy Sackton: 50 miles to care.
Timothy Sackton: terroir and it should be about halfway.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How many miles think we could do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That on a full day tomorrow yeah same question.
Timothy Sackton: You could do it in a day.
Timothy Sackton: You could go moving at a better reasonably good pace with you know people mounted you could go 25 miles in a day for sure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So let me suggest that we spend, like the rest of today.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Covering our tracks, really, really well for it's like not just like to hide behind a desk or something like to go into a basement take a panel off the wall.
John Leeker: To move earth to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Make like a 50 foot tunnel.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 50 foot tall back you know, like.
John Leeker: Yes, I.
John Leeker: Do like I can cast fog to cover us up why we do it in different areas that we can really.
John Leeker: yeah the skies from being seen and.
Mike Sackton: I mean we could do it and visibly to like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): go through with the boots and false tracks just leave, like all sorts of pads all over the place from all sorts of creatures.
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, can we make a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: proper funding safe house.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah We fully flesh it out of this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fortify the shit out of it fucking you know, make it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Make it top notch.
Timothy Sackton: And, and why are you, leaving behind.
Mike Sackton: No, I think we're weaving let's see if we just start from the top.
Mike Sackton: we're taking the three not identified magic items.
Mike Sackton: for taking the word and figure.
Eric Rosenbaum: out which three sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, the glass bottle.
Mike Sackton: The ones are.
Mike Sackton: The ones from markets person we're keeping all this stuff from Mike is person from the way I work I think we're taking all of the not identified magic I don't think we're leaving any magic behind right the non magical items we're taking the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have a shitload a treasure Jesus.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the all those unidentified.
Eric Rosenbaum: And i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: A little worried similar thing which and identified magic items.
Mike Sackton: yeah but I don't think we can leave them.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we can go the.
Timothy Sackton: Comparable so off the.
Timothy Sackton: off the magic the non magical items like the you know oh rearrange it right basically it's like the stuff that i'm putting at the bottom is the stuff that's kind of heavy and awkward.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: Oh, is the shield.
Mike Sackton: i'm half tempted to just take one of the shield of exceptional make.
Mike Sackton: Instead of my shield.
Mike Sackton: Although I felt a little bit like robbing graves.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Sir it's done Mari.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we should be highlighted in green, but I think we should take gold.
Mike Sackton: I would take the goal, then I would take all the gems and I would leave everything else.
John Leeker: Agreed also.
John Leeker: can't we try to rescue the poor guy that's a chair right now.
Mike Sackton: We so here's the question, do we bring the Chair, which is probably heavy probably try and rescue them here.
John Leeker: yeah I can.
Mike Sackton: Get chairs big.
John Leeker: I can give another enhance ability we can try again.
John Leeker: ready for guys traps.
John Leeker: yeah he may have been, for me, I have information you'll probably catatonic but.
Timothy Sackton: i'm assuming you're taking i'm.
Timothy Sackton: i'm assuming you're taking the all the like small light stuff that.
Timothy Sackton: You know isn't is won't burden you at all.
Mike Sackton: Well, I just i'm a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: or you're not.
Mike Sackton: you're leaving there should leave behind.
Mike Sackton: Most of the treasure on the theory that maybe garrett's right and it's cursed.
Mike Sackton: And we shouldn't take a huge amount of curse treasure in.
Mike Sackton: Cairo until we understand that.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that's not totally unreasonable.
Mike Sackton: Right now, I just think I doubt gold I so anything that looks like to glass is connected correct and every.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: detect magic in shit on the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like can we get closer know if it's curse.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The only way we look at magic is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The things.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): wow.
Mike Sackton: or detecting magic through faith site through that was the ability to see or as through his fate ancestry so there's Alvin ancestry right but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You could you could imagine a scenario where the magic item exists in another location designed to track and non magical.
Mike Sackton: yeah just be a fake cursory like.
Mike Sackton: My understanding would be like detect magic when the tact my exploits curse for example right right like.
Timothy Sackton: The tech magic is not a absolutely everything that is not mundane like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we have the ability to detect like weird cursed I wish it.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I can look at it again, that my face site, but I assume, even if I inspect this stuff and look at it from close and far and kind of poke around i'll do that, while there, while we're building well there yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you don't learn anything new that you didn't already know.
Mike Sackton: So I would take.
Mike Sackton: let's say I would take.
Mike Sackton: How do you highlights.
Mike Sackton: I would take all of the green silk bag with for amethyst and the coins, I would take.
Mike Sackton: I would take the.
Mike Sackton: I would take that these coins that are already in green.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I actually think that the done Mari goods like the soapstone figure that's clearly a done Mari item is probably on malicious.
Mike Sackton: I think that's maybe all week is there other small valuable things there's a few maybe these coins and the moonstone.
Mike Sackton: and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The previous like there's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like what was perspective it's just so much gold here that's not even worth taking the silver, especially when turlock.
Mike Sackton: Now that's true.
Mike Sackton: that's true you're a.
John Leeker: aren't we are we leaving stuff here to test if it's cursed or we simply this stuff here too heavy and we're down a horse and we have second week people with us.
Mike Sackton: Some of.
John Leeker: them are in the desert yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you are definitely running out of food at the moment, you do not have enough food to get back to care.
Timothy Sackton: Now you could just go hungry you're probably not going to die, but.
Mike Sackton: I would keep the jam, so I mean the idea is to take some of that mean at some level this this value these valuables probably end up being our traveling money unless we have some reason to think otherwise that's probably about what we take with us.
Mike Sackton: To get us to talk.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To the Bamboo fan to pitch in terms of charting how old is that, like isn't depicting recent skyscrapers there's an ancient or.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you've never been to turn it on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's good point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then, what about charred.
Mike Sackton: kenzo has.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah 10s of the fan with the painting, of all the towers turned on it does this recent or older.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great question so.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't it doesn't seem to be a contemporary depiction of charting like there's things missing, but you don't make a history check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With advantages, I like to.
know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If plus 20 because I lived in turn.
Timothy Sackton: No, sorry where did you go I lost the window.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah we lost with all of it, let me just let me roll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The die fell off the table so and that's.
Timothy Sackton: No way I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know they keep they keep falling off the table.
Timothy Sackton: You can tell them like.
Timothy Sackton: This is like an antique view of charting.
Timothy Sackton: Like there's definitely a couple you know clear landmarks that are there's like one tall clock tower that was you know built 50 years ago that's missing, but whether it's a.
Timothy Sackton: That an old depiction of a contemporary charted or a new depiction of a historical chart and you have no idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: interesting.
Mike Sackton: Is there anything else you guys think we should bring to bring.
Mike Sackton: I mean the bulk of the actual valuable money is probably the 27 that remaining 15 in god's a pure silver let's go with like hundreds of gold each trade.
Mike Sackton: Maybe not quite but.
Timothy Sackton: No there's those aren't worth it, I mean a pound of silver is a good amount, but it's not i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: going to take the hand fan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: chart again.
Timothy Sackton: I mean the bulk of the actual value of a goddess wealth is like six gems that she carried on her person.
Timothy Sackton: That are probably worth like 1000 between the.
Mike Sackton: Five jams these gems up here.
Mike Sackton: yeah diamond.
Mike Sackton: Five, I mean the diamond.
Mike Sackton: diamond and the five.
Mike Sackton: uncut gems.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: But you know, yes, the the end gets a self are worth a decent amount, you know and then there's a bunch of other like gemstones but remember donmar isn't a highly coin based society right like a lot of these little objects of art and things are probably pretty valuable.
Mike Sackton: I mean with 27 ingots of or with 15 gets a pure silver and the giant pile of silver and copper coins be sufficient to like you know trade with the dwarves to get raw materials to rebuild.
Mike Sackton: To read you know, like like rebuilding a bunch of damaged houses in Carolina right like presumably mostly the issue is Labor yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: If you are, you know you were to hire 10 expert door of and artisans you know they might charge.
Timothy Sackton: A you know, a goal, the day or something which is 10 silver, so we may be talking about 100 silver day.
Timothy Sackton: So that would probably buy you like a couple you know, a month between our two months between the.
Timothy Sackton: coin and the silver and get have a team of 10 to urban artisans which would be pretty valuable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like yeah well some sweet statues of us, you know, right in the town.
Mike Sackton: square yeah I.
Mike Sackton: started to wonder if it's kenzo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think this focus has been an 11.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I should be the one that whole sector, you know I am the one human in the party right i've got the closest connection to the drink Korean empire anyways so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Timothy Sackton: and also some of these like these awkward contraptions would probably be worth the dwarves would probably be quite interested in.
Timothy Sackton: A lot of these things could be traded.
Timothy Sackton: Are.
John Leeker: You know there's like.
Timothy Sackton: there's like a golden vulture pendant right which is like you know, a pendant this big made of pure gold that's going to be worth quite a bit like a lot of this stuff is definitely um.
Mike Sackton: I don't need this bring.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A lot of fucking stuff man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: OK OK.
Timothy Sackton: So now everything that is not marketing Green is hidden.
Timothy Sackton: You can wreck if you need a change, you want to change your mind about something later.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I think that is the current.
John Leeker: Current expectation.
Mike Sackton: Unless anybody reviews this changes the lines.
John Leeker: So Green is what we're keeping with us.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yes, now it's a new day you have spouse lots and identify back.
Mike Sackton: We should buy an item.
John Leeker: Yes, and we should try to free the poor bass.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we should yes do it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, what do you want to identify.
Eric Rosenbaum: For some reason, I have a feeling about the tea kettle.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know why, but I want to, I want to identify it.
Mike Sackton: Black iron tea kettle okay.
Timothy Sackton: yep okay um.
Eric Rosenbaum: Unless there's some other strong intuition, about one of those items, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's let's listen okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the tea kettle.
Timothy Sackton: um is a.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so I use the sort of look at it a little bit as seekers like staring at it and playing with it suddenly it starts whistling and secret you're like haha.
Timothy Sackton: um, it is a alchemical tea kettle does a series of command words um.
Timothy Sackton: So the main function is when you speak a word it produces it instantly fills with hot tea.
Mike Sackton: But guess what that solves our water problem.
Timothy Sackton: But it also has a number of other things that can create.
Timothy Sackton: It can create water wine.
Mike Sackton: Is it Michael jug.
Mike Sackton: In tea kettle form.
Timothy Sackton: As call it's an chemical tea kettle I changed a couple of the things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That make acid.
Timothy Sackton: I forgot if I if it.
Timothy Sackton: can make asset it's non D amp D beyond as l chemical tea kettle.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will add that, to my inventory, then, so we are we going to take this with us to.
Mike Sackton: Taking all the magic items with.
Mike Sackton: You it's hard to find things on the end beyond.
Mike Sackton: I don't know why, but like if you search for.
Eric Rosenbaum: Chemical tea kettle and then we'll add it to my.
Mike Sackton: Did you just go to your character, maybe, if you search, you know what i'm not searching homebrew.
Eric Rosenbaum: said it's a backpack or equipment equipment right.
Timothy Sackton: Wherever you want.
Timothy Sackton: So yes, it can make acid poison beer honey hot tea oil vinegar fresh water.
Timothy Sackton: On flavored boiling water and wine.
John Leeker: It can make unlimited amounts of it.
Timothy Sackton: No there's a certain amount per day.
Timothy Sackton: And it can only make one liquid per day, so if you have it, make water at can't make anything but water for the rest of the day.
Timothy Sackton: So today it's stuck on T because that was the first one that you.
Mike Sackton: discovered two gallons of hot tea or eight gallons of water is pretty helpful from.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): surviving in the desert state.
Eric Rosenbaum: And four gallons of what of boiling water is and as a weapon in a pinch.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then.
John Leeker: I can also create water that's the spelling learned, when I was sleeping I could create 10 gallons of water.
John Leeker: anytime you want to cast a level one style.
Timothy Sackton: So there you go.
Timothy Sackton: What our problem solved now you just need to solve your food problem.
Mike Sackton: Well it's only.
Mike Sackton: Two days right we just not eat me which.
will be fine.
Timothy Sackton: For the five of you could not eat and you could just feed your remaining six rations to cure three guests.
Mike Sackton: We have to get our third guest.
John Leeker: Yes, next step let's do this.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Roll side I.
Mike Sackton: Remember, you have an advantage, or whatever dragon.
Timothy Sackton: Cod casts.
Timothy Sackton: Enhanced ability than you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, Okay, so this is a.
Timothy Sackton: chair intelligence jack.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the object is the.
Timothy Sackton: chair.
Timothy Sackton: The Chair yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I crushed in front of the Chair and cast the spell magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then i'm gonna make a intelligence check, as I said.
Timothy Sackton: yeah with advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: They can learn.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah at.
Timothy Sackton: The the last figure cracks.
Timothy Sackton: And where the chair was collapsed on the ground is now a young done Marty woman, also in tattered clothes seemingly in equally bad shape as the.
Timothy Sackton: As the older man she kind of she seems a little less disoriented she like opens her eyes a little bit and then kind of shields them from the sun is like blinking and tried to speak and nothing comes out just to croak and then like tries to push yourself up and just falls over.
Timothy Sackton: But seems a little bit more active than the older man who's still basically catatonic hasn't figured out how to do anything he's been eating.
Timothy Sackton: Some if you feed him he's been eating but.
Timothy Sackton: And she like she sees the side and she just she kind of like tries to roll over but can't really move.
Timothy Sackton: But now, all of the puppets statues, are in fact cracked.
Eric Rosenbaum: Excellent.
book.
John Leeker: No, I wait mines slightly unrelated to the current issue.
Timothy Sackton: And it's now it's evening.
Mike Sackton: While we work in a did it take us all day to.
Timothy Sackton: kind of take you pretty much all day.
Timothy Sackton: With all the company that I didn't you.
John Leeker: didn't we take all the flower was that they're flower and now get those.
Mike Sackton: wisdom.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Even if we took it I don't think sure.
Mike Sackton: It wasn't like it was it was rancid and not.
Timothy Sackton: It was rancid flower and also it like a 20 year there's no way you carried a 2425 pound sacks of flour.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): TIM, is there a maker's mark on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Any of the art objects thing, especially about like the those clockwork determine some things.
Timothy Sackton: hmm that's a good question.
Timothy Sackton: uh yes.
Timothy Sackton: Several of them do have have marks of various.
Timothy Sackton: Various kinds the.
Timothy Sackton: I need this sorry I close the document for some reason.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to change them, I am going to take the fancy the Nice shield.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For the sake of simplicity to nothing, you have to come up with all of that, on the spot, but if there's anything relevant or like if secrets brother made the statuettes or.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Any that kind of stuff.
Timothy Sackton: know that so so so the treasure like your impression from looking over the Trojan is.
Timothy Sackton: This is a mix of.
Timothy Sackton: Like some of it is you know exotic right, for you know from from chart in or beyond but like at least half of it is clearly either done Mari or or.
Timothy Sackton: Torben in make particularly that you've wanted towards it, so the so like where Richmond is from not where secrets from so the you know the clockwork contraptions that the tea kettle actually Durban make um.
Mike Sackton: How much of this was payment.
Timothy Sackton: Well, payment or treasure, you have no idea.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: Obviously, from Garrett, you know, a doctor did things like you know attack.
Timothy Sackton: Trading caravans that annoyed her and probably didn't just take people.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to say but it's largely not.
Timothy Sackton: Like only about a third of it is like faraway exotic treasure and most of the end and maybe about a third of it is like just an unknown right like a lot of the.
Timothy Sackton: The gems obviously you can't really tell where they came from, and some of the pieces of jewelry don't have obvious marks that you can recognize.
Mike Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: Does this woman, I mean is she she's not talking just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now, Tim I saw site her and for a fiber is she like.
Timothy Sackton: I mean like Both of these are basically stroke victims right like they're there you know similar condition she seems a little bit more resilient than the older man.
Timothy Sackton: She is more he has more just like his his mind is just feels kind of shredded.
Timothy Sackton: Hers is more disoriented.
Timothy Sackton: And like there's like she doesn't she's forgotten how to speak but it's not like her mind is blank.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it.
Timothy Sackton: Like you're the time you spend with this older older man you're not sure he's ever gonna recover like he might recover enough to you know.
Timothy Sackton: walk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I kind of imagine the older land like his psyche he's like wandering of vast desert like this and i'm just kind of like a signpost.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like here are there so he's just not totally lost but has like a little bit to try to pull and stop or slow.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that that's what gets so like he is your sense of him is that he's kind of wandering lost somewhere your sense of the younger woman has more that she's like staring into the sun and can't look away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um she like she like active and moving around or she's like trance like quiet.
Timothy Sackton: she's like trance quiet, neither of them can walk both of them are have you know completely forgotten the physical control of their body.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're spending the night here anyways right because we're gonna wait till tomorrow and everybody's everybody's building straps and storing.
John Leeker: Food yes yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll just i'll just sit with both the woman and the the guy and i'll just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Take a literally the woman i'll try to i'll try to do it, I can you know give her some signposts and like know look at the sun your heart sunglasses you know just try to get it.
John Leeker: Would it would it be a mercy.
John Leeker: For these two to put the men than mere for ease of travel protection and comfort there so week hard riding on a horse in the desert.
John Leeker: The mirror safe I don't know what.
Mike Sackton: I think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think, having made the decision to take them out of there and track them, we ought not put them in another.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm agreed.
It is.
Mike Sackton: It is not something to do to them in voluntarily.
Mike Sackton: The.
Mike Sackton: doesn't.
Mike Sackton: Always justify the means.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The ride will be right so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Mike Sackton: I think it is not fair to them to send them.
John Leeker: Back to some.
Mike Sackton: place that may.
Mike Sackton: terrify them in what limited way, they can understand.
Mike Sackton: With no ability for them to consent.
Mike Sackton: Is our place to protect them, not.
Mike Sackton: Our place to suffer to protect them, not send them whatever is easiest for us.
John Leeker: But they'll suffer to on this ride.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm good recipe things we could do to make it comfortable for them.
Eric Rosenbaum: I we could tell them on cushions on the.
Eric Rosenbaum: floating basic.
Mike Sackton: How did the How did the guy doing the right capacity that was it.
Mike Sackton: That would be a smooth terrible for him or was it.
Timothy Sackton: No, I mean you know it's just you're not gonna be Gala right.
Mike Sackton: Right well just.
Mike Sackton: No, there.
Timothy Sackton: These are well trained dunmurry horses.
Timothy Sackton: If you're if one of you is leading them at a walk it's pretty comfortable to rest, you know to rest in the saddle, and these are both done Mari like, even though they can't walk and they can't speak like.
Timothy Sackton: Being on a horse is natural enough to them that.
Timothy Sackton: They don't fall off right so it's not so much their comfort it's just that.
Timothy Sackton: You can't push yourself.
Mike Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: You can all go like three years got your water problem solved and you cannot go three to five days without food, anyway, before you.
Timothy Sackton: You can get.
Timothy Sackton: three plus your constitution.
Timothy Sackton: modifier days without food, before you.
Timothy Sackton: suffer any ill effects so as long as the five of you are like will be hungry, you have no real food properly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: done by me.
Eric Rosenbaum: go into a pee break or.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, me.
Timothy Sackton: I could use.
Timothy Sackton: A quick.
Mike Sackton: break like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just like three minutes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And maybe more than three.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): minutes don't wait on me if i'm the last one back.
Okay.
John Leeker: seems like the eight X speaks are kind of overpowered or at least.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, contra animals as a very, very strong spell the downside is that.
Timothy Sackton: There we go anybody who drops, the area of effect spell.
Timothy Sackton: they'll all die.
Timothy Sackton: And many creatures are resistant to damage from non magical attacks and their attacks aren't magical.
Timothy Sackton: And they have kind of a crap to heaven also they miss so like over the course of that whole battle they didn't do that much more damage.
than your lighting.
John Leeker: We just.
Timothy Sackton: do, in fact, I think we did last time it's just more flexible, because you could spread them out.
Eric Rosenbaum: The battlefield chaos is.
Timothy Sackton: priceless them right.
yeah.
John Leeker: And I could also like in the future, I could summon less but struggling.
animals.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
John Leeker: I can do what for brown bears or for dire wolves a giant octopus.
John Leeker: tiger.
Timothy Sackton: But I mean the general rule that you sort of didn't do this time is, you cannot summon an animal that you don't have the stats for in front of you.
Timothy Sackton: He and you're not prepared to not have the DM say what sets plus again.
Timothy Sackton: Like can't really can conjure animals, unless you can run their turn quickly, because otherwise it gets too annoying.
John Leeker: understood, I think I got the hang of it by the end.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah that was fine that wasn't.
Mike Sackton: That bad.
Timothy Sackton: yeah no it's fine it's outside it's an xp that shorts new stats for.
John Leeker: that's what I saw I was assuming that he's just been ironed baxter the whole time to cool it was never seen one before.
John Leeker: just been seeing.
John Leeker: baxter be super useful for a month or however long this adventure has been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, I was crazy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so we were trying to figure out what to do with the donmar or just how to how to get yeah, but I think we decided we're okay right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's try that.
Timothy Sackton: You know, in the morning it's going to take a guess wait a minute for for us, but just a question so it's going to take you probably two and a half days.
Timothy Sackton: So you'll have.
Timothy Sackton: Three more sharply off to spend two more nights on the road.
Timothy Sackton: But after you know, at the end of the first day you should pass the into the protection of food and so it'll be safer.
Timothy Sackton: But as you're spending three nights on the road you'll have three more shots at identifying something yeah so while we're waiting for shorts to get back what three things outs, do you want to identify.
Mike Sackton: I think we should identify.
Mike Sackton: The long sword.
Eric Rosenbaum: sword is there to attract the attention of people interested in swords that's why I think something like the comparable or the kindle or.
Timothy Sackton: Or you can do three.
Mike Sackton: Day three or alternatively.
Mike Sackton: We solve it identified the two rings that she had on her person.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, if they're on her person.
Eric Rosenbaum: Surely that.
Mike Sackton: Has the just do all three of the ones on her person.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it where it sorry where those listed.
Timothy Sackton: In the very top or further off at the top.
Timothy Sackton: So there's the smoky glass bottle from which buzzing can be heard.
Timothy Sackton: there's the doll silver ring and there's the braided gold ring.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the Dell silver ring seems like it's some kind of like hiding or stealth illusion.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then the braided gold ring also some kind of illusion.
Mike Sackton: I mean Gala is mildly interested in the long sword, because if it is an interesting and useful long sword dealt with can use it.
Timothy Sackton: Right now also remember that, at least if you stick to the plan which there's no guarantee, you will at all.
Timothy Sackton: Your plan was to get back to the town.
Timothy Sackton: hang around for 10 days till the festival beast.
Timothy Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: Canada.
Mike Sackton: To becoming an issue right.
Timothy Sackton: Now I am so into cod.
Cod initiative.
Timothy Sackton: And they also work, so you will presumably have time to identify.
Timothy Sackton: Early thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Plenty of rights so let's just do the.
Eric Rosenbaum: The two rings in the sword for now sure.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: So let me pull up my notes here.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Fine, though.
Timothy Sackton: The original shark koons treasure.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, here we go um.
Timothy Sackton: So the two rings in the sword.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: um so the.
Timothy Sackton: The first the braided gold band ring.
Timothy Sackton: Is a rate it's a it's a drink Korean ring it's a ring of displacement.
Timothy Sackton: which should be on DNA beyond it has.
Timothy Sackton: Three charges, and you can use, you can expend a charge to effectively dodge as a bonus action.
Mike Sackton: That sounds useful.
Eric Rosenbaum: But three total charges ever.
Timothy Sackton: know it recharges everyday.
well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's very useful.
Eric Rosenbaum: So who who needs dodging I mean.
Mike Sackton: By miracle yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: la fighters.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you can already.to the bonus action if you spend a key point.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's the thing, but I can't.
Mike Sackton: Now it's that wait, is it bring of displacement, the oldest dodge make attacks have disadvantages that would dodge does.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah Okay, yes it's called the ring of displacement attacks against your disadvantage that's what dodge that's what dodging does.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Timothy Sackton: You could actually do that more cancer you.
Timothy Sackton: can spend a key.
Timothy Sackton: dodge which means every attack against you as disadvantage till those starting your next turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, that is pretty sweet why don't I do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now, how do I get that ability.
Timothy Sackton: you've always had that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah or a new character sheet apparently i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Patient me.
Mike Sackton: Dallas would certainly be happy to take it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure OK next one.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so that was that.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The ring is called the ring of the worded mind it's a make it's a ring of Durban make.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you are.
Timothy Sackton: wearing this ring you're immune to magic that allows other creatures to read your thoughts determine whether you're lying no your alignment or know your creature.
Timothy Sackton: It also blocks telepathic communication unless you allow it, and gives you an advantage on saving throws against being charmed or possessed.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's good combo with the sector.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I kind of I kind of like also like connecting the items, not just my power, but also by like heritage and culture so it's like you know this is like an.
Mike Sackton: Arbitrary I didn't meet her aws console I accidentally.
Timothy Sackton: I man, the long sword.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I know I made us.
Timothy Sackton: Ah it's called it's called servants.
Timothy Sackton: So the sword is called the blade of stone.
Timothy Sackton: If you roll a 20.
Timothy Sackton: If you will a natural 20 on an attack roll the creature you hit must make a DC 15 Constitution saving throw or become restrained and must keep making saving throws if it fails three times its turn to stone from one hour.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's fairly unlikely for that to occur, yes, but depends on the situation.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't have any actual plus.
Mike Sackton: The head.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't have any plus it just hasn't it just restrains has a chance to restrain or turn to stone.
Mike Sackton: You have to credit.
Timothy Sackton: For it to do you any you have to credit for it to do that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): only heard was you'd have to quit but we can't possibly imagined work um but again.
Mike Sackton: None of this week.
Mike Sackton: we've identified the long sword.
Timothy Sackton: we're testing buying magic as itself so now that now that towards the back so over the next just in the interest of you know narrative over the next few days you continue slowly.
Timothy Sackton: West towards Carola the first day seeker identifies the the braided ring, which has a ring of displacement made made by the drain Koreans and allows you to expend a charge to dodge as a bonus action.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: And at the end of your first day of travel i'm still in the heat.
Timothy Sackton: You pass through kenzo and Andrew cod you you notice, you are sort of aware made aware as you as you travel on.
Timothy Sackton: Towards the end of the day that like you can almost see a faint shimmering vision of.
Timothy Sackton: Of chicagoans round.
Timothy Sackton: I just sent you a message.
Timothy Sackton: As you cross over into chicagoans protection.
ooh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we when do I could feel this TIM.
Timothy Sackton: Right, as you cross over into.
Timothy Sackton: The other side of the barrier.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah as soon as a crossover I look at your cod, did you did you feel that sensation as well.
John Leeker: Your car stopped in a step immediately when he feels it and looks towards kenzo yes.
John Leeker: Stop everybody, we are bringing something with us something we don't want to bring out of this place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we're carrying with us some kind of evil that is not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should not belong in this in this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In the against the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Evil necklace of people tongues or the eagle bottle of an evil eye or the evil mirror of your life.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, we can test this empirically.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and actually experiment.
and see which of the items.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then this is going to be, you know, this might be a pain in the ass, but I think we can do this.
Timothy Sackton: does not work that way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really, we can't just like we can't take all of the weird scary items and we've been like a cross the boundary and then like.
Eric Rosenbaum: In one, at a time.
John Leeker: yeah we'll do a double blind caster we don't know what the item is there will be a control sad and we'll just.
Timothy Sackton: does not have.
Timothy Sackton: magic works.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it's.
Timothy Sackton: Just like the street intention.
Timothy Sackton: Not, this is about.
Timothy Sackton: You can't trick it by saying oh i'm gonna leave it on this side of the barrier.
Eric Rosenbaum: or just trying to figure out what it is that causes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly yeah want to know, like what items is there, like a particular item, or is it like you know anything from a God says layer or is it you know, like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We just want to try to figure out what's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the setting it up.
John Leeker: So.
John Leeker: So, or is it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just if we just if we just don't move could be what one of us um.
John Leeker: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just kidding um if if we just just hold on stay here.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then remove things one, at a time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Apps then we feel the difference.
John Leeker: Sure con we have been spoken to I don't think we will learn more.
John Leeker: Something with us or our intention.
John Leeker: Or the mirror or who's in the mirror or any something.
Mike Sackton: Oh seems the most likely to me, is something in the mirror.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Interesting Trojan horse.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We are.
John Leeker: Also, assuming the people we have fried are innocent.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah they certainly seem so but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Otherwise we're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The ones from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, but I mean i've been sold citing them like they're like they're not you know they're not evil they're not trying to harm anybody or do anything.
Timothy Sackton: It yeah your way overthinking this.
Eric Rosenbaum: See you're saying it's like probably the great candle or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: For the eyeball and a jar.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe it's one of our gold coins and just by leaving that behind will be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Definitely.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean we have like the seed bag is horribly evil.
Timothy Sackton: they're carrying like.
Timothy Sackton: Five like super evil magic items that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Leave loans or made from people like I feel like anything made from people is probably.
Timothy Sackton: Getting a necklace that's literally made by torturing 70 and creatures for eight.
Eric Rosenbaum: hours.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know thing.
Mike Sackton: But hold on hold on hold on.
Mike Sackton: We brought the necklace into coons place before.
Eric Rosenbaum: We did.
Mike Sackton: yeah yes.
Timothy Sackton: There was no she couldn't hear that.
yeah.
John Leeker: I think we need to.
John Leeker: I don't understand how you adventure I haven't had your experiences, but do you need all of this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No let's let's get rid of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: seekers clearly struggling with himself here.
Timothy Sackton: see what that looks like.
Timothy Sackton: turn around go back it was are you sure you know what you're doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sir.
John Leeker: Todd was vision.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which thing will be sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But when this is a 10 the other realm like what other realm.
Timothy Sackton: Sure coons route.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A pair of pants.
Timothy Sackton: Like when you pass through the barrier you because the way that barrier works right is it misleads those with.
Timothy Sackton: Evil intention to wander forever in.
Timothy Sackton: Ah tunes realm.
Timothy Sackton: So when you pass through you, because you're still connected to it can see that double vision.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it.
Timothy Sackton: Now interesting point.
Timothy Sackton: But I can't resist telling you you're like this close to leaving kenzo into cod and sending the rest of you back with the items.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah ooh.
Mike Sackton: badly apparently.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ooh yeah well she cannot affect you guys up.
Eric Rosenbaum: We would have just been lost in the desert and died of dehydration.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we do have our kettle we.
Had the tea kettle.
Eric Rosenbaum: just been lost in definitely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would have been kind of amazing actually if that had happened.
Eric Rosenbaum: doing good we would just eventually just put ourselves in the mirror.
John Leeker: yeah.
John Leeker: that's all you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: have to.
Mike Sackton: know how long, could you survive just eating salad dressing.
Timothy Sackton: While.
For calories.
John Leeker: In the mirror right.
John Leeker: Age.
Eric Rosenbaum: We just hope somebody thousands of years from now.
Timothy Sackton: Anyway, that was a fun improvisation.
John Leeker: Cod as an outsider.
John Leeker: He questions why Why is everyone for joining this.
John Leeker: card has taken no magic items to card has.
John Leeker: done none of that.
John Leeker: And he looks and he sees the horses, full of loot and bones and tongues.
Mike Sackton: I love the.
Mike Sackton: shirt no longer very full of loot because we left, most of it in bathroom oh.
John Leeker: Well, in your contacts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your car did cover the doll silver ring.
Mike Sackton: True.
John Leeker: yeah he didn't he never took it he just kept buying it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): just get rid of this evil stuff if we were in any depth before what more clear message could there be what message will we wait for that at last convinces us of this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which just go straight to toker with everything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I just we can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean we can.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): let's ask the agree bones or, for that matter, cub asked for an omen.
Mike Sackton: I might know how to destroy this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's my that's my question is I don't know.
John Leeker: How.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we destroy any of these items.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we don't destroy them.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: The items agata created.
Mike Sackton: I am an easier.
Mike Sackton: There is some.
Mike Sackton: They were not created by.
Mike Sackton: me anything wholesome but, of course.
Mike Sackton: That doesn't mean that they're cursed but doesn't mean that they're evil.
Mike Sackton: Right, the drink Koreans did not we're not decorated in innocence and purity but it's not that their items are forevermore Kirsten evil right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I agree, I think it's the things that God made out of sentient beings.
Eric Rosenbaum: With secret holds up with Dr containing eyeball will look.
Eric Rosenbaum: This thing I think can let us know if, like someone did creatures are nearby that's incredibly us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When we also know, by looking at them and, seeing that they're there.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess like for Christmas they're walking around and no skin, then, then we could that's true, we would find that out in that way as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: and also this to deal with point with someone's eyeball at some point in the past, I guess that probably want to play.
Eric Rosenbaum: As long as.
Mike Sackton: destroying it won't bring them back.
No.
Mike Sackton: Nonetheless, it.
John Leeker: decode.
John Leeker: On our journey you'd have talked about armies and fortresses and controlling the whole area.
John Leeker: intentions, not just tools.
Eric Rosenbaum: Those are idle and says.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree that I personally have no problem, destroying any of August is clearly like fucked up evil cursed looking objects which I mean I don't think it requires like a magical energy shield to tell you that they're weird and creepy.
Eric Rosenbaum: I hold try to my test.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I agree with that, with i'm not sure that there's a great way, I think we need a little bit more knowledge to understand how to destroy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: them, I am extremely nervous about leaving them anywhere i'm using in West, even in the best you know kept storage or whatever, if we leave them anywhere and they end up in the wrong hands on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My son says.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In regards distributions protection, I think record and I as, as you know, as soon to be initiates should Kuhn and with connections to chicken.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And where our presence in our connection with you all with these items it I don't i'm not worried about the items, causing great harm, but I think there's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we should learn as soon as we can, how to destroy them can address them they know and that we may we may be able to find out that wisdom when we when we go back to town.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We keep them close we don't use them, we destroy them as soon as we can.
agree.
John Leeker: Agreed, who.
Mike Sackton: Do we trust kendra so won't be tempted to keep them or use them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All know when I see him.
Mike Sackton: It was week before right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but not, I mean we can send.
Mike Sackton: them that way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we can the sense of his his his incredible feelings of guilt over his decisions, I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Again I I haven't read it, the man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think I think if he has some insights on how we might be able to destroy these items we should learn that or if the central dissenters know how to destroy them it.
Mike Sackton: If we are so concerned, should we not, at least.
Mike Sackton: try something simple I mean not all magic is hard to destroy.
Mike Sackton: For example, these seeds see.
Mike Sackton: particularly damaging right seeds that with her all wife within 300 feet and curse the land.
Mike Sackton: But could we not just try fire.
Mike Sackton: will know if it succeeds will know if the magic is done.
John Leeker: The crowd produces flame.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Before.
Mike Sackton: secret.
John Leeker: So that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, I produced a bag of three seats.
John Leeker: laid on a stone their God.
John Leeker: What produces for.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just a second, what are we going to find out we're gonna find out if the flame can destroy these magic items.
John Leeker: But.
Eric Rosenbaum: We won't learn anything from rakuten about whether they were the source of the problem is that true.
John Leeker: Corruption goodness told us what she will tell us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know the one of the thing, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There is still the possibility of, and it will be horrific but we may learn something of showing these items to mirror.
Mike Sackton: We can't show them all to the mirror, it would take.
Eric Rosenbaum: On.
Mike Sackton: The mirror we're going to show them here I mean we would priority I think we need to prioritize what we show to the mirror yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That, by the way, Meta game, we have to do tonight, you have to show that people the fucking year to.
Mike Sackton: get ready TIM.
Timothy Sackton: I hope you're right now I.
Timothy Sackton: do this for like.
Mike Sackton: Come on.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Very predictable what you're going to show to.
The.
John Leeker: So called looks do we burn the seeds.
John Leeker: He waits for consensus.
Mike Sackton: Yes, it seems to me they're the worst of the items that.
Mike Sackton: We have from them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): except for the fact that those mid tones.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: produces.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A lame wait wait, I mean someone who your seeker seekers seeker still has.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm not sure, in what way we benefit from destroying the seeds, but.
John Leeker: there's one less evil thing in the world that How long does a curse the earth.
Timothy Sackton: For our.
John Leeker: Trevor there's.
John Leeker: I mean no there's no justifiable context.
Timothy Sackton: It can be removed, like there's Druidic magic that can heal the land right but yeah it doesn't end until somebody uses magic to end.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This does feel pretty shareable.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, destroy the seeds.
John Leeker: To cod produces flame and focus it on the seeds, which are lying on a stone on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: That they start to burn it was like this crackling almost like.
Timothy Sackton: Like like it's like popcorn about to pop it's that sizzling sound, whereas everybody standing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our course.
Timothy Sackton: I gotta ask you where everybody standing.
Timothy Sackton: before you start.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm like three feet away from the seeds.
John Leeker: So I can produce flames.
John Leeker: 30 feet away, so I am.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the range of the scenes.
Mike Sackton: I will may change the seeds on to the stone from 30 feet away.
Mike Sackton: Yes, that's the range of age.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why doing that i'm standing right here.
Mike Sackton: That i'm 60 feet away it.
Timothy Sackton: burn and this like black billowing smoke begins to.
Timothy Sackton: fill out of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the burning.
Timothy Sackton: Plant matter and it smells.
Timothy Sackton: It smells horrible it smells like some mix of action sulfur and rock.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't you know makes you gag it doesn't do damage or anything but as it as you step away from the smoke and back off.
Timothy Sackton: Over the next few minutes, the seeds burn to ash.
Timothy Sackton: And are gone.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): awesome.
John Leeker: Cod buries them and then blesses the earth over the buried remnants and ashes of these.
John Leeker: destroyed seeds.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I mean there's no doubt with knows there's no magic left.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Honestly, I think we may have gotten a little lucky with that one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm not sure if some of the more powerful items if we just set them on fire, if it's if you know they're just going to burn or something were terrible is going to happen to us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I really lean a little bit more towards trying to get some advice on how to destroy some of these more powerful Evans, but you know I think us just randomly trying experiments may lead to something foolhardy to occur.
Eric Rosenbaum: team that does seem likely.
John Leeker: To come I don't know magic.
John Leeker: I defer to those who do.
Mike Sackton: How I mean comic con I like what's this what like is magic.
Mike Sackton: Our magic items relatively fragile.
Timothy Sackton: I would say both I mean actually.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: seeker and down with all in their own ways have some knowledge of this um.
Timothy Sackton: I mean down with your main experiences with Alvin magic which tends to be somewhat different in character and nature than some of these human items, but um.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: there's like you know trinkets that that elves would enchant right that are you know.
Timothy Sackton: Something equivalent to like the drift globes or something like that and, and you know, in that case, if the item is damaged usually the magic cce it's like, if you take a jeph loeb and you crack it doesn't work anymore, if you have some you know.
Timothy Sackton: You know Alvin cloaks that.
Mike Sackton: Right right.
Timothy Sackton: When you read it was a drummer cloak or something, and you rip it it doesn't work anymore.
Timothy Sackton: Now, of course, there are.
Timothy Sackton: There are plenty of like legends of I mean this this seeker you would particularly know right like the type of stuff you read about the like you know great magical works of the ancient Durban stages or not.
Timothy Sackton: You know they explicitly resist destruction right like there's definitely not the case that any item can just be destroyed, it seems to be correlated with the power level of the item.
Timothy Sackton: To a certain extent, also with like how it was made and who it was made by at and what it is right, so, so the things that are.
Timothy Sackton: Things that are made of metal or stone are more likely to resist damage that things that are made of flash or.
Timothy Sackton: Plant matter.
Timothy Sackton: And kenzo I mean this is sort of part of the.
Timothy Sackton: You know your experience of magic is is really you know from the oregonian perspective it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: It it requires you know there's a requires it, you can't just bind magic into anything right like a lot of it like you saw some magic items being created right like glow growing up, and you know there's a certain amount of craftsmanship that needs to go into things that are enchanted.
Timothy Sackton: And if you damage them if you wreck that.
Timothy Sackton: craftsman craftsmanship that also weakens the enchantment so there's a connection between the physicality of the object and the magic of the object.
Timothy Sackton: So again, things that can be just things that can be now, obviously, again, there are some things that are.
Timothy Sackton: part of their enchantment is to resist damage.
Timothy Sackton: But not everything.
Timothy Sackton: Of course there are also items that when destroyed don't go quietly, so to speak.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah exactly so what I worried about I mean I feel like we should destroy these items in a more calibrated safe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: place where we can know what a little bit more what we're doing and not potentially hurt or curse ourselves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so I mean one thing we could do is leave the items at the outskirts of the city like not bring them into the hardest cocoon but actually you know just keep them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: keep them with a mirror to because we're not going to bring them I don't think we've met, we were going to bring that we're not going to conduct our mirror experiments inside the inside the sitting right we'll do it we'll do it in a safe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we'll set up a you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The guy trust your confidence your to set up an environment of physical environment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we can leave that we can leave the other cursed items there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With the mirror, while we conduct our.
Eric Rosenbaum: stone bunker with berms and observation post.
Mike Sackton: I also think.
Mike Sackton: There are obviously some items we have not.
Mike Sackton: identified, particularly this strange moaning waiter submit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's probably one and you see a destroyed.
yeah.
John Leeker: Like.
Mike Sackton: Most of the rest of them see not to me that they are likely to be.
Mike Sackton: not expected to be harmful.
John Leeker: I agree, agreed, some are just tools, but some are.
John Leeker: More than just tools.
Eric Rosenbaum: And there's still the question of whether she was actually reacting to the some of the other hand, button of the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also agree.
John Leeker: But, again, I agree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think, as we go into the city closer to the heart will have more insight as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, two minutes we're moving do we get like I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we're now kind of agreement that will carry the stuff in it, but just be mindful of it does it like you know, does it become more obvious like what's causing the what's causing the reaction.
Timothy Sackton: I mean the reaction was more just like you know, this is a lot of stuff and not all of it is good, are you sure you're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Aware of what's happened right right right.
John Leeker: No, no, I gotta go alright alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So let's continue with the plan.
Timothy Sackton: um so over the next day.
Timothy Sackton: You traveled across the desert towards towards Carola along the old road the trade road.
Timothy Sackton: got sort of you know, gets over a shock a little bit about the destruction of bad food in and perks up and starts occasionally pointing out things to well be that have.
Timothy Sackton: changed over the past decade in the desert things change slowly, but he still remembers this route well having passed through here almost every year for much of his life.
Timothy Sackton: You know and and not doesn't because it's not chatty and he still mostly only talks to well the telepathically doesn't really speak out loud much that to most of us seems quite silent.
Timothy Sackton: But it's starting to open up a little bit and and clearly like you know is you almost get the sense like now, this is like reminding them of his family and he's starting to worry about who's still a lot like what's you know what's happened over the past 11 years to his clan.
Timothy Sackton: And is eager to get as far West as quickly as you can.
Timothy Sackton: The two done Mari still have not really.
Timothy Sackton: spoken.
Timothy Sackton: But the woman who has been started spending time with this is clearly more aware of the world now.
Timothy Sackton: i'm and.
Timothy Sackton: And will eat a little bit and sort of you know recognizes you kenzo and, as also seems to be very concerned about the older man is like looks at him a lot like.
Timothy Sackton: you'll often see her like he's still slumped over his horse basically not moving or speaking and you'll see her likes like sort of sitting up in the saddle.
Timothy Sackton: He just like gazing at him for an hour to as you ride.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or they didn't share industry, and I can I sell stuff after spending as much time with the two of them.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe it's hard to tell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe I make an inside check.
Timothy Sackton: yeah make it actually that's a good idea, make it into a check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: us an insight.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean.
Timothy Sackton: It does seem like the way she even just the way she's looking at him seems like a relative a younger relative obviously like daughter Nice or younger cousin.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to say much more than that.
All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: getting a little late right speech Julia.
Mike Sackton: yeah, so I think we we.
Timothy Sackton: So you get towards town.
Timothy Sackton: yeah now the second night in the desert.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Other agenda.
Timothy Sackton: So we did three we already did the three identifies I think what you are out there was a ring of displacement the.
Mike Sackton: dealt with took the realm of displacement for now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay um was the third one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The tea kettle and then the.
Timothy Sackton: there's a blade of stone there's a long sword that.
Timothy Sackton: When you hit somebody when you make a critical when you hit with a critical hit, it has a chance to paralyze them to restrain them and turn them into stone for an hour, but it doesn't do anything, unless you hit with a crap.
Timothy Sackton: And then there's the ring of the word mind, which is a.
Timothy Sackton: Durban ring of Durban make that protects.
Timothy Sackton: protects you from magic that would tell if you are lying or would tell your creature type or your alignment and prevents people from speaking telepathically with you, unless you allow it, and gives you an advantage on saving throws against possession and charm.
Timothy Sackton: which seems to be Durban make.
Timothy Sackton: So you come towards the city of Kerala itself on the.
Timothy Sackton: afternoon of the third day.
Timothy Sackton: of travel you now having gone.
Timothy Sackton: Gone hungry for the past two days.
Timothy Sackton: Allowing your three traveling companions to finish your rations.
Timothy Sackton: By about three in the afternoon.
Mike Sackton: After.
Timothy Sackton: A decent stop for lunch, you can now see the outskirts of the of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the village of care where the red Mesa the familiar sights approaching.
Timothy Sackton: approaching the town and the bustle of construction and actually a lot more noise than.
Timothy Sackton: Before it seems, many of the refugees who had been in cocoa have now made it back.
Timothy Sackton: And so the town is.
Timothy Sackton: The town feels more alive than it has four months than it has really since like your first meeting before, even though the festival of.
Timothy Sackton: rebirth and the first knoll attack.
Timothy Sackton: many months and adventures like.
Timothy Sackton: You can you can see the sounds of you know of construction of Robin being clear.
Timothy Sackton: there's 10 there's brightly a few brightly colored tent set up in the ruins there's horses about that you can see in the distance.
Timothy Sackton: there's definitely some life coming back to this place.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: What do you want to do as you approach Caroline.
Mike Sackton: dresses still probably our best, I think our first goal should be to find.
Mike Sackton: someone to take charge of these.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I think we can get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we should find kendra Sir and let them know about the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah the done Mari and then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me.
Mike Sackton: back.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, since i've been here.
Mike Sackton: Right she came back with that right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: She might also be able to help take charge.
John Leeker: And we should, at some point, Dr central his daughter about what her experiences what could she could talk right she's old enough to.
Timothy Sackton: she's like yeah she's she was like.
John Leeker: Oh okay so two young guys give us any.
Timothy Sackton: Not can talk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But not like you know now, but essentially it's interest and also a good person to talk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to you about these items and what we should do about them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So she may be actually a good first stop.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a good point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should we go find Sintra.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should we leave all this shit like on the outskirts and go go get central and bring her out and not bring all this shit like you know into town.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I write it up with like you know horses full and you know.
Mike Sackton: um we also split up some of us could stay with a mirror.
John Leeker: On the added scorecard.
John Leeker: Chicago can stay with the stuff on the outskirts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can go get Sintra and bring her bring her out, so we can talk outside of town about what to do.
I mean.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is it.
Mike Sackton: I just I wonder if we should federal the.
Mike Sackton: fed Mari first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah bring them in about this i'll bring the I can bring the done Mari into town with me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Central because they're obviously just need care so central central can help you know get them set up so that they're being cared for someplace probably in the temple and then and then i'll bring sentra out to talk about the items.
John Leeker: and bring us some sandwiches to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And i'll bring sandwiches.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah you know mian mian well, we could do this together, so we have more answer sandwiches accepted, meanwhile, be, then we can take that that.
Mike Sackton: Get the mirror to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah we'll get the mirror will drop off the done Mari and that and the halfway will get Center in the mirror and we'll bring by rooted.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So um you know, everybody is pleased to see you back and shocked to see these two people, especially when you describe what happened.
Timothy Sackton: kendra ESTA is is quite happy to take charge of them.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You know, try, you know find them what care he can right take them to there's a fair number of people sort of now, now that the town and start of.
Timothy Sackton: town has started i've got you know gotten.
Timothy Sackton: there's more there's a lot more people here, in fact, as you as you ride into town kenzo you know there's you see a few familiar faces you see.
Timothy Sackton: That crumb.
Who like.
Timothy Sackton: A distance it, you know it gives you a point, like you, all me stories.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You owe me a drink.
Timothy Sackton: As many as you can put down.
Timothy Sackton: Many as a month insurance, a lot of a lot of tales behind that whether face.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On this is good to have it's me and while we riding together as well, where you know we were the ones that competed in the various.
Timothy Sackton: Right, you know.
Timothy Sackton: And there's just like there's not a it's not as crowded, because a lot of them, you know people who were.
Timothy Sackton: You know nomads nomadic are just sort of scattered across the plains, the Feast of beach was not something that tons of people come back to.
Timothy Sackton: Town for but there's definitely like some of the regulars that you were used to see you know that you matt early on, are around hop jazz around the centers or not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or whether.
Timothy Sackton: or not, the Center as our call.
Timothy Sackton: Center tells you they.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So central like we're gonna bring such.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean this is going in as quick going in it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: arena, where we're going and just just.
Timothy Sackton: Get the mayor you come back Center as eager to hear of.
Timothy Sackton: Okay baguettes has learned and what happened and I assume you tell her some of the story, as.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, so we you know so well yeah so well being and I come back with a whole bunch of like snacks we don't need water because we've got the tea kettle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we've got Sintra we've got the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah and and yeah and as we, as we as well the and I go back with Sintra, we share with her all the shit that we saw.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, explain to her what we decided to do tell her about the items and in it and the timing is perfect, as we just finished telling her all the stuff right as we arrived and meet.
Everybody yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you, what do you think of our tail.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what do you think of these items.
Timothy Sackton: there's a lot to take in you're done good work.
These.
Timothy Sackton: poor souls.
Timothy Sackton: hate to think would have been happened to them if you hadn't gone out there.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: A lot of this concerns me and.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not sure it is my place to tell you what to do with these things, but my advice would be.
Timothy Sackton: Many of these items seems to.
Timothy Sackton: have few uses that I would not consider evil or were created at great pain.
Timothy Sackton: To those.
Timothy Sackton: And she looks, especially over at the necklace that secret is wearing.
Timothy Sackton: Such a.
Such a thing.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if you're a tune to.
Timothy Sackton: Know okay so carrying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I thought was just you know how do we dispose of these, how do we even know how to how to destroy them.
Timothy Sackton: Where do you want to destroy.
David Schwartz: clicks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah all the all of the evil looking ones.
John Leeker: And they're close the eyeball the body parts.
Timothy Sackton: If there were laughter with magic.
Timothy Sackton: stand back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What you said.
Timothy Sackton: She said, if it were me, I would just blocked it with magic stand back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Louis stupid Center let's just think this through for a moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: either, because what we just did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but just that the other big issue, of course, is the mirror right do we want to destroy the items first then deal with the mirror, or do we try to figure out what's going on with mirror first and then the items, or does it not matter.
Timothy Sackton: That mirror scares me.
John Leeker: What.
Eric Rosenbaum: What.
Timothy Sackton: not scare you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's very scary that's why we're not in town.
Eric Rosenbaum: What scares you about it Center.
Timothy Sackton: It you look at it and it.
Timothy Sackton: in prisons, you forever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, not.
Timothy Sackton: not scare you.
Eric Rosenbaum: To elegantly constructed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Beautiful season.
Eric Rosenbaum: Three types of drugs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
and
Mike Sackton: But honestly scares me more is the fact that there are five creatures trapped within.
Mike Sackton: exactly they are or and we know that if this thing breaks, they will be released, now that may be good, they may be, it may be innocence, but maybe there I get to the worst enemy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And is.
Eric Rosenbaum: zero.
David Schwartz: or, for that matter to.
David Schwartz: me exactly maybe they were filled maybe this is for millennia before it even came into a section.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, look here's the thought.
Timothy Sackton: We gotta.
Timothy Sackton: I think we can kill our enemies if needed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I think we destroy the items, first with something that was wrong, I think what we don't want happening is anything evil.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: taking control of any of the items that we have that are obviously.
I.
David Schwartz: Can I suggest slightly other character, but, but I think we should do is destroy the items first and then the mirror to the other mirror, because that would be like yeah awesome reveal to end on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Oh, that makes sense to me, I would also say there are.
Mike Sackton: Although Sintra, I would not wear that necklace either.
Mike Sackton: It is, it is hard for me to see how it would.
Mike Sackton: be a danger to us should some creature.
Mike Sackton: Take it right, I don't know kenzo, for example, that we must be deathly afraid that somebody may gain possession of a necklace that lets them speak in many languages or an eye that lets them see on dead these aren't.
Mike Sackton: These aren't cursed artifacts from ancient days that will cause.
Mike Sackton: don't work like that kenzo.
Mike Sackton: That has.
Eric Rosenbaum: they're not like the sector or something that I.
Mike Sackton: know that that was a joke, yes, correct they're not like this up there right but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean what what secret, what do you want to say you look like you use something that you want to.
Eric Rosenbaum: apologize to.
Eric Rosenbaum: The necklace practically doesn't smell at all anymore.
John Leeker: sounds like there was can't even spell.
John Leeker: Their evil there.
John Leeker: it's not purely utilitarian it's, what do you carry with you.
Eric Rosenbaum: And, and I.
David Schwartz: Wear clothing made by a person enslaved.
Eric Rosenbaum: Reasonable question.
John Leeker: I wear clothing made in my village.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because i'm yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To Jakarta design engage in fast Hungarian fashion.
Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am sorely tempted by the power of all these these things, but I do see.
Eric Rosenbaum: The logic of destroying the ones that have come.
Eric Rosenbaum: From the suffering of conscious beings until I support the idea of destroying.
Eric Rosenbaum: Those ones.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I appreciate brother Joe cod's principle here I think if there's one thing that we've seen over the past months is a growing corruption.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is a disease that is spreading across the land and, yes, while we may use disease to fight disease.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know if that's if that's the way that we want to ultimately.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bring more peace and harmony don't run out.
Timothy Sackton: Center kind of looks at you on.
Timothy Sackton: You must.
Timothy Sackton: listen to your own conscious of this conscience in this matter, but you asked me what I think.
Timothy Sackton: I do not see.
Timothy Sackton: How I would.
Timothy Sackton: Use magic born of suffering.
John Leeker: or.
Timothy Sackton: How would that change your soul.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Timothy Sackton: That is not a question I want to ask myself.
Timothy Sackton: And so I will not stop you if you choose to do such a thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Until this necklace and perhaps the finger of direction, which is made of.
Eric Rosenbaum: An index finger and perhaps this I have.
Seeing the undone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's destroy those.
Mike Sackton: I doubt i'll get that created a single thing not through suffering.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you're saying we should destroy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Everything.
Mike Sackton: Many of these she did not create.
David Schwartz: What else.
David Schwartz: She created create.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look, I think, for now we've identified these ones.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are obvious let's destroy them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then let's see.
Outside that mirror in.
John Leeker: The prophecy bones augury should be done with the gods not with what these fingers are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great let's just try these four items.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A century, do you want us to create a giant pit in the earth, for us to do this for.
Timothy Sackton: me see the things you want to destroy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Show to her or things.
Timothy Sackton: She as you.
Timothy Sackton: pick one as you like called them actually sort of looks at them for a moment and then just.
Timothy Sackton: holds up her hand and this.
Timothy Sackton: It starts glowing with this like radiant light and then this bolt of radiant light just shoots out of her hand at these four items.
Timothy Sackton: Whereas everybody standing again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or away.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Nice and.
Eric Rosenbaum: rolling it just.
Timothy Sackton: Does this.
Timothy Sackton: And the items that the tongs just kind of shrivel and black end.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: turn to ash, as does the weight, while we're at the things that you were destroying.
Eric Rosenbaum: The aguri bones the finger that points north and the eyeball that's easy ended.
Timothy Sackton: At necklace of tongues.
Eric Rosenbaum: On the necklace.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the JAR shatters.
Timothy Sackton: She then switches to just shooting flames.
Timothy Sackton: And after like.
Timothy Sackton: 15 seconds off where if the items are destroyed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm just telling y'all there's like a like a timeline and a metaverse that's like only like 15 degree angle this way where we take over Augustus hut.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: missed all for items.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Take the fucking sector of power and try to dominate taskbar.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's our Ark army right there.
John Leeker: As soon as we can, we do need to identify the creepy lantern that.
David Schwartz: mo yes yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's The next thing we need to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: spread.
Eric Rosenbaum: The thing we put at the bottom, the bags it's like.
Mike Sackton: Just kind of hit it right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: washing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: machine in the musical like that huh.
Timothy Sackton: what's next on my.
Timothy Sackton: See look so send to them to see luck that wasn't hard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Timothy Sackton: Oh stop agonizing over these things and just do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seeker, I think.
Timothy Sackton: no reason to evil in the world longer than it needs to be.
David Schwartz: An entire premise of this campaign.
Timothy Sackton: is very direct.
Timothy Sackton: she's like make your mind up and that does that.
Like isn't true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seeker, I think this might be your finest hour your finest moment and helping us devise exactly the right geometry through which and the precise order of events, through which we should reveal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The mirror of trapping to the mirror of knowing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To get additional years.
Mike Sackton: delay.
David Schwartz: Just hold it up in this that.
Mike Sackton: yeah I just gonna hold it up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does the mirror have TIM, as we recall.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess, I never saw the front of it does it have any kind of frame like a area that is non reflective around the front edge.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a very dangerous question to try to answer without looking at it.
Eric Rosenbaum: looks to go out with you.
Eric Rosenbaum: know with well being.
Timothy Sackton: Because, yes, it has a it has a thick.
Timothy Sackton: thick heavy metal border that's about an inch inch and a half around on all sides, and then the interior of that thick heavy metal bar order is highly magically polished silver.
Mike Sackton: Entire thing like laid.
Mike Sackton: out whether.
David Schwartz: This is an older model in the current models.
John Leeker: No bezel at all yeah.
Mike Sackton: I can fold, we should just show this to the mirror, it is not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yet, so the only thing here with the Masters think one obvious step ahead Okay, the one obvious step is, if you have to reflective surfaces looking at each other's reflection in the mirror inside the mirror, we need to look into the mirror of knowing just know what the Fuck oh burn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: one of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Mike Sackton: Somebody has to not walk in case we all get sucked it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yes, well, probably everybody should not look, except for the one person that's looking.
Eric Rosenbaum: Listen we're not uncovering the reflective portion of the trap we're.
Mike Sackton: Not.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're just going to uncover.
Eric Rosenbaum: A little bit of cream.
David Schwartz: Or the side of the or the back of it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know where this probably I don't think we are because, like we talked about this short like if we showed the back, like the other mirror inside the.
Mike Sackton: um the Tower is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The directionality matter.
Mike Sackton: What role is the whole thing, but you don't as think based on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wisdom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's got with good listing.
David Schwartz: wisdom directionality mattered.
David Schwartz: On our other items.
Mike Sackton: It did on the door.
Mike Sackton: But not on the small items, but we don't know if this is a bigger small item.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no, it did on the small items to like even like the piece of jade it's like it's from the perspective of the jade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right so it's like it's like you're the Jane looking at the world or like more that.
Mike Sackton: are concerned, as it's going to be the back of the mirror, looking at the.
Mike Sackton: wall show at the back.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we.
Mike Sackton: Do.
Eric Rosenbaum: A little bit of the frame, but not the reflective portion of the front of the mirror and then no one's risk of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see okay.
Mike Sackton: What.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was getting that.
John Leeker: Okay i'm.
David Schwartz: Not I agree with all that approach, so I think intuitively it doesn't make sense that the magic would work if it was reflected because, like if there's a huddle in front of the door, or like what.
Mike Sackton: would work.
David Schwartz: piece of do that you look into that act to this a lens like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we could probably get you out if you get stuck in there, so you can you can uncover it and hold it in front of the mirror if you're right.
David Schwartz: Importantly i'm bringing a book with me this time.
John Leeker: cut as it so what is your car doesn't know much about the larger mirror mirror the one that tells the past does it tell if its origin story or just its history.
Timothy Sackton: So the way it works is is you get a vision that last for up to a minute.
Timothy Sackton: And you can ask.
Timothy Sackton: A question to attempt to guide the vision and depending on your wisdom check, you may or may not get.
Timothy Sackton: Like even if you role of super high role you're not guaranteed to get an answer to your question, but the more, but the question sort of guides what it shows you based on what you want to learn.
John Leeker: not saying that we should not use the mirror, but you all, I believe you should think about also using the tea kettle.
John Leeker: Because it was present at every conversation she had with anybody she worked with as we as they told us the tea kettle is there to serve tea, and if you left you had tea, and if you didn't leave you, you went inside something to think about.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is a very interesting point because.
John Leeker: I don't know what's a more pressing piece of knowledge, you need um well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: most important thing we need to know is who's trapping.
Mike Sackton: them yeah I think we.
Mike Sackton: We show them here to the mirror and the question we ask is.
Mike Sackton: Who is a shocker well i've seen you over the years.
Eric Rosenbaum: The WHO who volunteers to hold up the mirror the mirror.
David Schwartz: Oh, this has been done before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah no, but we should do this, based on who's got the best wisdom.
David Schwartz: Plus to me.
John Leeker: Their card has plus six.
Timothy Sackton: plus three oh it's not here it's just your wisdom check out with them saved or kind of plus four.
John Leeker: Oh wisdom.
David Schwartz: plus one was.
Mike Sackton: was for us to wise to do such a crazy thing is hold up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your car do you want to do it Oh, and then skin somebody cast the spell so that we can roll it twice, but the advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that a thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's the.
Timothy Sackton: it's the skinheads ability yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Has.
Timothy Sackton: Your crowd cast that.
Timothy Sackton: One himself, you can also.
Timothy Sackton: it's an ability check, so you can bardic inspiration at.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I inspired your card.
John Leeker: And then I also do enhance ability on myself, can you.
John Leeker: Yet stack them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah okay.
John Leeker: Well, my wisdom is plus three does that change anything so i'm plus four.
David Schwartz: Plus.
Timothy Sackton: Four oh.
Timothy Sackton: isn't it.
John Leeker: It says, plus three i'm 16 wisdom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'm also 60 plus three.
Mike Sackton: i'm the only one who optimized my spell casting Stat.
Timothy Sackton: I thought.
Timothy Sackton: Well i'm sure you were.
Well, it doesn't matter.
Timothy Sackton: Who is so who is doing this.
John Leeker: God OK.
John Leeker: OK.
John Leeker: So, in a way are we exposing the whole me or just the the top bit of the front.
David Schwartz: Oh man.
David Schwartz: yeah, whatever your best judgment.
Eric Rosenbaum: I, I think the the the other mirror will work best if it can see the whole.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: millionaire I agree to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we will, none of us will look at that mirror and only Chicago.
Eric Rosenbaum: To look at the front directly.
John Leeker: I have to ask you the question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay check it out in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The mirror of knowing is like right here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah you're holding the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of thing right here and.
John Leeker: looks quite small on your car because i'm like twice the size of the mayor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which is great, which is even better yeah.
Mike Sackton: You got the thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's holding the mirror and then you, and then you think yeah who else is trapped inside of you.
John Leeker: And I asked who else, and I think, who, who is trapped in this mirror.
Timothy Sackton: Perfect okay.
Mike Sackton: You should you should ask the question of like who was trapped first or upon nevermind I just I don't want to just show dealt with seeker and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah, who is currently trapped in an error.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, perfect is currently traveling the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: Show me how the people currently.
Mike Sackton: In the mirror backtrack.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you do have an at the end beyond deleted your ratio ability bonuses.
John Leeker: Oh okay.
John Leeker: So 18 good okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so roll your check.
Timothy Sackton: With advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's pretty good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's actually in 1919 and roll again.
Timothy Sackton: 19 and then you can add inspiration to that if you want.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's do that.
John Leeker: So you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Know that's you know one da.
Mike Sackton: da da.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and you get explosion damn it it's under damage.
Timothy Sackton: No, you don't get exposure for.
Eric Rosenbaum: You roll it now.
Timothy Sackton: To take the highest one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just the music off and creepy now TIM.
John Leeker: I roll again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because somehow somehow.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: mirror fades wait you're holding up you're uncovering the mirror so it's facing the other near.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's looking so he's not looking at this year he's looking at the.
reflection.
Timothy Sackton: you're you're looking at the reflection, and so what is that the total there that's the 2525.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: costs for.
Timothy Sackton: a pretty good.
Timothy Sackton: So the mirror fades.
Timothy Sackton: The image fades and you see reflected in the the history mirror a.
Timothy Sackton: The Interior of a goddess hot.
dark.
Timothy Sackton: smoky.
Timothy Sackton: chair and table all set up as mostly as you saw them.
David Schwartz: is really creepy.
Timothy Sackton: And there is a.
Timothy Sackton: There is an orc.
Timothy Sackton: sitting in the chair the big chair that used to be a human female or a battered bruised fist her her face um you know black eye hands tied behind her and a God that is holding a jar of like a bubbly brown gooey substance and painting it onto her leg.
Timothy Sackton: And, as she paints, the leg it starts to solidify and turn to wood and then she takes a.
Timothy Sackton: Like a like an all out and starts chipping at this orcs wouldn't lag.
Timothy Sackton: And the Ark and clearly they're having some conversation, but the Ark is not saying anything and then got a paints more of this bubbly goo substance brown oozing goo.
Mike Sackton: is the same as the JAR of party like brand new that we have.
Mike Sackton: Yes, we should destroy that way.
Mike Sackton: Always taste, but anyway.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: Again slap this work and then.
Timothy Sackton: turns the mirrors hanging on the wall right turns and said something and the Ark vanishes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When you.
Timothy Sackton: hear.
Mike Sackton: You can't hear.
David Schwartz: The orc where insignia have any band that was visible.
um.
Timothy Sackton: No, the Ark was mostly naked, just like scraps of clothing clearly had been tortured for a while.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And enemy of my enemy is my friend.
Timothy Sackton: Dan going back in time.
Timothy Sackton: You see.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: done Mari woman.
Timothy Sackton: Striking beautiful done married women high cheekbones light brown skin almost a regal bear and wearing a well made traveling just doesn't seem to be have been hurt at all.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: But just has this surprised just you see a brief glimpse of a surprised look on her face almost too quick to notice, as she vanishes in front of the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM do I recognize her as she royalty is she like is there some like you know legend of like a lost, you know, whatever you know.
Timothy Sackton: Do you recognize her.
John Leeker: weight wait only I can see this right.
Timothy Sackton: No everybody sees the reflection oh.
John Leeker: God I got.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: don't recognize her but i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sintra who's watching this is like.
Timothy Sackton: You know holy shit when she flashes past.
Timothy Sackton: Center definitely recognizing Sir all right i'm.
Timothy Sackton: than a.
Timothy Sackton: Another done Mari.
Timothy Sackton: looks.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: prematurely aged.
Timothy Sackton: balls weary eyes full of pain i'm standing kneeling in front of the mirror just kind of looking up at it almost wish it the expression on his face is almost wishing it would take him his Tongue has been cut out.
Timothy Sackton: His thumbs are cut off of his fingers.
Timothy Sackton: And a daughter has like behind him kind of pushes them down slap them on the back of the head and spits um.
Timothy Sackton: You know I him as he vanished as.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Timothy Sackton: Then.
Timothy Sackton: A scarred older man.
Timothy Sackton: One I missing Gray hair.
Timothy Sackton: sitting in the Chair.
Timothy Sackton: It almost looks like he's babbling.
Timothy Sackton: Like sitting in a chair.
Mike Sackton: The Chair, that was the person.
Timothy Sackton: The Chair, that was the person babbling like talking talking talking talking of course you can't understand any.
Timothy Sackton: Of the words but he's just he's sitting there just talking and talking and talking as like crying rocking back and forth.
Timothy Sackton: And it got does just standing there listening growing increasingly angry increasingly frustrated and then grabs his hair his hand in his head forcibly turns his face to look into the mirror and just like shuts him towards it, as he vanishes.
Timothy Sackton: And then i'm.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: The scene chefs you're no longer in a gorgeous hot.
Timothy Sackton: You are in a fire lit.
Timothy Sackton: Castle made of.
Timothy Sackton: of dark stone with a very sort of Marshall like heartbroken was brutalist type architecture like heart corners, everything is sharp.
Timothy Sackton: And we're like there are there are sort of weapons decorating the firewall apart from where this mirror sat in the seems to be a it's not a huge Chamber it's like a private Chamber but it's you know it's filled with accoutrements of war.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: standing in front of the mirror or two people.
Timothy Sackton: One female hobgoblin.
Timothy Sackton: wearing Armor i'm.
Timothy Sackton: arguing, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: saying you know, having some heated conversation with.
Timothy Sackton: sort of almost shadowy looking man standing there with a hood over his face all you can really see it as features are two glowing red eyes peering out of the shadow.
Timothy Sackton: And the hobgoblin says something a command were to the mirror and the.
Timothy Sackton: Man standing and shadow throws back his hood starts laughing and snaps his fingers and the hobgoblin vanishes.
Timothy Sackton: than.
whoa.
John Leeker: Could we.
John Leeker: have anything like are we able to read lips, have any of the things command words or anything like that.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
David Schwartz: Let me throw to sit back what is he.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he looks i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Still, like sort of indistinct features almost.
Timothy Sackton: almost as if they're they're sort of just slight just like shifting into place when he throws his foot back um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah kind of.
Timothy Sackton: yeah sort of shock almost shaggy looking.
Timothy Sackton: hard to describe.
Timothy Sackton: But the piercing red eyes sort of consume you your.
Timothy Sackton: Then i'm.
Timothy Sackton: A nother hobgoblin.
Timothy Sackton: Standing polishing you're now looking up your the mirror is facing up looking at the ceiling and there is a hobgoblin that is just doing this sort of polishing motion and as.
Timothy Sackton: As he does this.
Timothy Sackton: Now, as she does this sorry um.
Timothy Sackton: She is sorry, as he does this, he is like saying and chapman's muttering under his breath and some are you know arcane tongue obviously you can't see his lips.
Timothy Sackton: But you can see, like the things moving and start catching on to the front of the mirror and the mirror itself is beginning to grow and build up this hobgoblin constructs that.
Timothy Sackton: And then the image states.
Mike Sackton: Wait was the hobgoblin.
Mike Sackton: I.
Mike Sackton: Did we go into the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: That was right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah how about making the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The last.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah OPS person making them here.
John Leeker: We have the orc lady the Denmark, a woman, the premature tomorrow man, the one eyed man babbling and then the hobgoblin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know the the fucking.
Mike Sackton: No, no, he.
Mike Sackton: To read I didn't go into the mirror.
John Leeker: My goblin.
Mike Sackton: goblin goblin went into the hobgoblin tried to send the red.
Mike Sackton: Guy into an area and the guy was like nope not having it.
Eric Rosenbaum: seemed hobgoblin that made the mirror and then appeared in.
Timothy Sackton: Now, and not.
John Leeker: The same and did a God to look at the mirror at any time.
John Leeker: or yeah.
John Leeker: So, so a gotcha and the guy were able to look at the mirror and not get sucked down.
John Leeker: yeah for some reason you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Since the inside of that Castle like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know any like indication what era, like when when.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, like the hot dog buns like what are they wearing like this to make.
Timothy Sackton: History check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know we all make history checks.
Timothy Sackton: sure you can all make history jack's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Since you're making history check i'll Fuck yeah oh yeah yeah we know this shit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And there's see.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: I would say seeker.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, for this is this is how I mean this is definitely hobgoblin architecture in the castle um.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's hard to date all hobgoblin architecture tends to have a sort of similar Marshall brutalist style.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Except for the psychedelic era.
Timothy Sackton: The respect for the psychedelic era.
Timothy Sackton: This is.
Timothy Sackton: You know this is.
Timothy Sackton: You don't think this is particularly recent.
Timothy Sackton: it's probably pre Great War.
Timothy Sackton: Is your best guess.
Timothy Sackton: This is the kind of style of ruin that sort of letters.
Timothy Sackton: So south of the like ruins, you know up on the map like up here, these big ruins if you can see the like giant crater with monster used to be south of there like along here there's like there used to be, you know fairly substantial hobgoblin presence here.
Timothy Sackton: And this is where a lot of hog goblins fought.
Timothy Sackton: In the Great War.
Timothy Sackton: And that's so there's a bunch of ruins along there now and that's kind of what this feels like to you.
Timothy Sackton: drink hard as well, like you would have heard you may have heard stories of because that's not too far from your.
Timothy Sackton: heart from right so it's that kind of style.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the.
Timothy Sackton: Great War ruins on the eastern side of the mountains.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it looks at a chin tra, who was the woman the woman you guessed.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
hold on sorry I need to go back.
Timothy Sackton: i'm that that's nine Sarah she went missing, eight years ago she's supposed to be gluing us now.
David Schwartz: What the House, we would.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Queen.
Timothy Sackton: she's.
Timothy Sackton: gonna be the some the Queen.
Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's the fucking Queen.
Eric Rosenbaum: The rightful Queen of Denmark is trapped in this mirror right now.
Timothy Sackton: He vanished eight years ago there was a big stink.
Timothy Sackton: Do you know how to get people out of this thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A.
John Leeker: We do it now do we have to get them out in order can we pick.
Mike Sackton: Now we just say the number.
John Leeker: The number.
Mike Sackton: The commands were done the number.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should make sure to get that number right.
Mike Sackton: We assume it's, for we think it's for.
Mike Sackton: We know they're an order.
Timothy Sackton: There were three done Marty there yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, now i'm questioning because we just destroyed their body parts do for the ones which are tortured, I guess, there was probably no return.
Mike Sackton: We can we can bring that out right away.
David Schwartz: Open the fourth sell.
David Schwartz: To start.
Timothy Sackton: say the command word and open the fourth cell.
Eric Rosenbaum: I say the command were to open the fourth so.
Timothy Sackton: So emerging in front of you on the desert sands a tall striking done Marty women.
Timothy Sackton: High cheekbones regal bearing light brown skin she's wearing a well made traveling that dress that's ornate in an understated way.
Timothy Sackton: But once leave as ragged and ripped and looks like it has bloodstains on it.
Timothy Sackton: And she looks around for a second immediately.
Timothy Sackton: shock for a minute notices at least a couple done Mari turns to kenzo and says in done Marty.
Timothy Sackton: Tell me at once they order you what happened to me.
Timothy Sackton: Where Am I.
My Queen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're on the outskirts of terroir you've been trapped three years inside a mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From a goddess mother.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have now released you.
Timothy Sackton: Rules and now.
Timothy Sackton: who's the sama.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sama.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so her brother car nos.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: brother.
Timothy Sackton: shit.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, who are you.
Mike Sackton: What were you doing with architect.
Timothy Sackton: Who is August.
Mike Sackton: The fake creature who lives in the desert.
Mike Sackton: who owns this mirror for many years.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps find the huts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You remember gazing into the mirror and then disappearing into a strange void.
Timothy Sackton: I remember a giant spike club swinging from my head.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: A fake memory of being half awake in a dark smoky room.
Timothy Sackton: wondering my why my head and Armor bloody and then.
Timothy Sackton: realizing I was staring at myself in the mirror in a sensation of flying and being squeezed and then.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing a blank foggy missed for.
Timothy Sackton: Eight years.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
David Schwartz: Someone could have deal with the gutter.
Mike Sackton: Somebody did cut a deal with the gutter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe relatives.
Timothy Sackton: Who are all you non donmar you speaking my tongue and in our deserts.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: An hour.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's much to explain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can do so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As we head back into town.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The one thing to share with you right now is that you are not the only person in prisons there's a number of others that have also been trapped by.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This day and got the dust mother who you may not have even encounter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Take a little moments walk with me but.
Eric Rosenbaum: we'll.
Eric Rosenbaum: we'll get you some healing and refreshments.
Eric Rosenbaum: I need counseling.
Timothy Sackton: I need information.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm looking at centra too because, like you know, like like the GSA some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Timothy Sackton: she's kind of like looking back and forth like what have you started like this is gonna be a civil war now so.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah maybe we should have left her in there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No.
John Leeker: that's not as like don't even pointed back.
David Schwartz: Well, I think what we'll be able to say.
David Schwartz: Information is exactly what's needed.
David Schwartz: Who knows that I gotta dealt with humans and half wins and orcs and fake creatures and locked out of this world, and into the next.
David Schwartz: there's any number of people who would have wanted to trapped in any number of one sort of dealt the gotta either as favor from God to them or payment of them to a God that.
David Schwartz: there's two.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: possibilities.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I still see her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As she liked it she liked it she looked like you know power hungry like going to fucking get us all hey does she like trustworthy you know, like what's.
Timothy Sackton: Making it think jack well.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll review the political story here like, why was why would she have been ousted.
Eric Rosenbaum: For nobody knew I remember hearing that that was a mystery.
Eric Rosenbaum: what had happened to her.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it was a mystery, I think I mean kenza you probably would have heard some rumors about this just happened before you came to donmar but you would have heard rumors.
Timothy Sackton: And speaker knew about this, nobody else really would know but yeah there was like something you know, eight years ago there was she was supposed to be the the.
Timothy Sackton: The air, am I supposed to be appointed the next ruler that after.
Timothy Sackton: Her like mentor, who was the current ruler.
Timothy Sackton: retired or or died, and she would her like politics are very much like you know unified done mar bring you know make you know, make the.
Timothy Sackton: Like restore the traditional culture and and restore the sort of growing sense of division between the Western.
Timothy Sackton: And the eastern donmar.
Whereas.
Timothy Sackton: Whereas her brother is much more of you know, the lands better here what what's the point of wasting resources on the on the deserts for the East.
John Leeker: When did the unsettling things sort of happen, how long ago was that, when the barrier broke, and all the weirdness that.
Timothy Sackton: I was like.
Like.
Timothy Sackton: Like four months ago to.
Timothy Sackton: 10 like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah like nine months ago, a year ago, maybe at the most.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is political intrigue from a long time ago, someone was trying to get more it's just like issue like trustworthy issue like you know Machiavellian like like.
Timothy Sackton: I mean your soul your sense from soul site is that.
Timothy Sackton: Like I mean she's strong willed.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: As far as you can tell, she really does have a vision of gun mar restored.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm just laying the person or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean yeah you are hungry like you know.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard for you to get a sense of what she would like what she would be willing to do in service of that vision but her vision is not like what's very clear to you from from your insight check in from Seoul site and just listening to her speak as provisions not you know.
Timothy Sackton: me as ruler over subjugated people it's.
Timothy Sackton: got it has this like really like you can see, this actually was so slightly.
Timothy Sackton: run through her are.
Timothy Sackton: very clear vision of donmar back in its place.
Eric Rosenbaum: As lonely she had some kind of tool was like I take a separate.
power and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That, I have a slide of hands but produced the sector from.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would she be politically popular or unpopular and Carol.
Timothy Sackton: And Carol a very.
popular.
Timothy Sackton: For Eastern like she is much more of like the eastern like pop star talks about this, like the current her brother has kind of.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, literally did basically say everybody east of tokens no longer even part of our base.
Timothy Sackton: He refused.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To everybody here is gonna rally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
Timothy Sackton: Like COP car is like in a second kind of like pledge himself to her and lead the army is against her brother.
You have just started as a fleet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We didn't start shit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All we did was fuckin you know civil war was already.
John Leeker: Cod who isn't to in the royalty or anything coming from the Guardian society, there are other people, yes in the mirror suffering now as well.
Mike Sackton: I think we should freed the other two done Mari.
John Leeker: I think we should freed them all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Listen, or can I.
Mike Sackton: Create that hobgoblin not not now, not unless we know more.
Eric Rosenbaum: hobgoblin was the yeah we don't know anything about.
Mike Sackton: Sarah.
Mike Sackton: You may wish, I think, to.
Mike Sackton: Be careful, I think, which has recently been attacked and is quite need a fade which has not been given by the current.
Mike Sackton: round.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: let's go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's her name again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sarah Sarah.
Mike Sackton: um well, I think.
Mike Sackton: We may have other business I don't say it quite like that, but.
Mike Sackton: I want to deal with the other people in the mirror without.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah the way.
Mike Sackton: When will be along shortly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With you saying somebody taking her or like she just gonna.
Mike Sackton: Take care.
Oh.
Mike Sackton: Charles just over the other.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah okay look.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If they are done Mari they are my subjects.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah let's.
Timothy Sackton: I will wait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's free the other three.
Mike Sackton: yeah you don't really work either.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah just.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's two there's two yeah.
Timothy Sackton: What number are you gonna say.
Eric Rosenbaum: The correct.
me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh no.
My.
Mike Sackton: five is the orc.
John Leeker: Look oh.
David Schwartz: five.
Eric Rosenbaum: Five and 305 is the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Honesty or.
Mike Sackton: She was four.
John Leeker: And three into reggae.
Is the.
Mike Sackton: Is the.
Mike Sackton: One is the babbling done Mari two is the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lie when I.
Mike Sackton: When I when I die.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I put well the Internet just kidding.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's do three first.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I speak, the command word to release cell number three.
Timothy Sackton: Okay i'm.
Timothy Sackton: collapsing out of the mirror is a done Mari man.
Timothy Sackton: Looking at him he looks your first by first glance, you would say he was maybe 70.
Timothy Sackton: But you look closer and and really he's probably just in his mid 30s but has suffered he's bald his Tongue has been cut out he's missing his thumbs his eyes are still full of pain, he looks up.
Timothy Sackton: unable to speak.
Timothy Sackton: kind of looks at all of you.
Timothy Sackton: closes his eyes and starts praying.
Mike Sackton: is gone.
Mike Sackton: destroyed.
Mike Sackton: During carolyn now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cast healing bird on him.
Timothy Sackton: He holds up his hands, which are like anything.
Timothy Sackton: He just tries.
Timothy Sackton: Thousands had makes emotion of banks.
Timothy Sackton: meditating.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I saw him.
Timothy Sackton: He is.
Timothy Sackton: He is a.
Timothy Sackton: initiate over console monk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: whoo my guy so I recognize that immediately then right yeah okay yeah so I I sit, and you know join him for a moment, just so you can see that i'm we're brothers.
Timothy Sackton: He looks he, like locked eyes, with you any like nods his head yeah he does.
Timothy Sackton: And he has breathing starts to slow for a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: Slowly calm themselves nods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I take him I take him just kind of a little bit off to the side and just just sit with him and kind of just look back you know just like go ahead and will be fun yeah open, but the next one ominous.
Timothy Sackton: You say to.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: falling out in chaotic energy is a scarred older man.
Timothy Sackton: This one is actually another done Marty this one actually looks about 6065 missing one I.
Timothy Sackton: paragon Gray wearing simple robes that are sort of mostly ripped to pieces and Gray, with age his hands are shaking um any he looks around.
Timothy Sackton: At everybody who's gathered.
Timothy Sackton: And just sits down and like puts his his arms around his knees and begins rocking back and forth weeping and.
Timothy Sackton: Saying prayers to Chicago over and over saying.
Timothy Sackton: Take me take me.
Timothy Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: i'll repeat the story i'll get has gone you're in carolyn now now glance at central cocoons you know.
Timothy Sackton: yeah she she will do sort of what kenza did with the other one shall go over to them and whisper quietly to them and i'm like hold up her hand and begin to like give them like a benediction and stuff and sort of listen to him and say.
You know.
Timothy Sackton: start talking quietly to him and lead them away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I just quite paid quite attention to Sarah as she's watching like these two different you know kind of like is she like Oh, this is good, this is a threat to my power and my annoyed and my life Oh, this is great, but what's her vibe like watching us doing our little you know.
Timothy Sackton: She is she's like stoic face.
Timothy Sackton: But as.
Timothy Sackton: As you, as the two as the done Mari fade away she turns to the for non done marley left.
Timothy Sackton: You killed the one who made this mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: We did.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no.
John Leeker: No, we killed, the one that used it.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I get to have a fan.
Timothy Sackton: Of this.
John Leeker: ask anyone in this town.
Eric Rosenbaum: They know.
Mike Sackton: Her.
David Schwartz: And we looked at remains we.
burned.
Mike Sackton: She had.
Mike Sackton: done great evil to Kerala.
Mike Sackton: And how's it to all have done mar actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The hospital, you are trapped in remains several days.
Mike Sackton: I will not go there without an army.
Timothy Sackton: characteristic of her work and you have stopped.
David Schwartz: Yes, the.
Timothy Sackton: Paper he snaps her fingers like ordering somebody to bring her paper.
Eric Rosenbaum: I shuffle around and get some some green sheet.
Timothy Sackton: She.
Timothy Sackton: takes a quill and starts like writing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As a kind of last like seeing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See unfold.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: hand this to you me and it's basically a.
Timothy Sackton: writ of.
Timothy Sackton: Of passage aid like a letter saying you know eight these travelers in Dunbar.
Timothy Sackton: I know this may not mean much now.
Timothy Sackton: For I do not yet have power.
Timothy Sackton: But that will change.
Timothy Sackton: If you ever need anything.
Timothy Sackton: traveling this manned.
Timothy Sackton: It is yours.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As always, like like it's so impressive like a server is turned like energy like oh yeah i'm like i'm like a boss pitch and i'm about to like do some shit like she's.
Timothy Sackton: yeah pretty much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So yeah I mean Kansas, not in politics, you know this isn't his thing and he's into more of the mystical stuff not the not the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, but kind of just looks at her and it's like I know i've no doubt that you will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Take the piece or a piece of paper and just kind of you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I think our country, then, are in need of nourishment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in need of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nourishment of the spirit and nourishment of the body.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I look over at our crew.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps this is enough for today.
Timothy Sackton: see that these are treated well.
Timothy Sackton: I will be in Kerala for a few days at least what what day is that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other the day.
Mike Sackton: But June 8.
Timothy Sackton: what's the movie.
Timothy Sackton: say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If they whatever it is right.
Timothy Sackton: he's the beach mom must be coming up soon, then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, it is.
Timothy Sackton: That is an auspicious time to.
Timothy Sackton: proclaim myself.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps I will.
Timothy Sackton: not be conspicuous before done.
Timothy Sackton: Please don't.
Timothy Sackton: Please don't bring word of my freedom beyond this village.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps anyone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there anyone in Kerala that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you'd want us to introduce you to do or connect you to.
Timothy Sackton: There was a.
Timothy Sackton: Young priest here of the speaker of Chicago and kendra this I think his name was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's still here.
Timothy Sackton: I would speak with him and.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps he will know more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can bring you to him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can bring you to.
Timothy Sackton: That is that will be a start.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps we can find a hooded cloak so you will be recognized to widely.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: The politics of Denmark, have been up and did you have five words to care for still an orc and a hobgoblin trapped in the mirror and other evil to deal with let's stop there for the night.
Timothy Sackton: it's like one more.
Timothy Sackton: Let me stop the sound and stop recording.
Mike Sackton: Why question do we have any.